"x"
"1" "Rise and fall, like the tide
My hand goes with your chest
Steady now, moon will pull
A slow and even breath
Outa the blue, the storm rolls in
I see it in your eyes
Thunder strikes, but I will be
A place for you to hide
Your heart rises and it falls just like the waves
The highest point is just before it breaks
I will light a candle for you welcoming
Baby, come home to me
Night moves in
And you can't see, a star up in the sky
Let my voice anchor you
I promise the sun will rise
Your heart rises and it falls just like the waves
The highest point is just before it breaks
I will light a candle for you welcoming
Baby, come home to me
I am standing, on the shore
I am holding a light
I am standing, on the shore
I am holding a light
I am standing, on the shore
I am holding a light
I am standing, on the shore
I am holding
You're heart rises and it falls
Just before it breaks
I will light a candle
Your heart rises and it falls just like the waves
The highest point is just before it breaks
I will light a candle for you welcoming
Baby, come home to me
Your heart rises and it falls just like the waves
The highest point is just before it breaks
I will light a candle for you welcoming
Baby, come home to me
Baby, come home to me
Baby, come home to me"
"2" "It's morning o'er the Islands I love
And wild seas lie still, deep and blue
Though life has sent me troubles, I'll feel no pain
If I never spend a morning without you
If I never spend a morning without you
When hope was an ocean-pounding heart
Then love was the ship that carried me through
And now I've reached my Island I'll find peace again
If I never spend a morning without you
If I never spend a morning without you
Old the land, older its people. But the promise of new life is still
the victor o'er decay. Hold the dream, pass by the stranger,
He can never call this land his home
Nor wish the truth away.
With the honesty of fire light on your face
We while away the hours as lovers do
At the closing of the evening I will ask no more
If I never spend a morning without you
If I never spend a morning without you
Old the land, older its people. But the promise of new life is still
the victor o'er decay. Hold the dream, pass by the stranger,
He can never call this land his home
Nor wish the truth away.
Though tomorrow is still no more than dreams
It's yesterday that gives me strength to do
For the hardest roads will run like silk to me,
it seems.
If I never spend a morning without you
If I never spend a morning without you"
"3" "Instrumental"
"4" "O my Luve's like a red, red rose,
That's newly sprung in June:
O my Luve's like the melodie,
That's sweetly play'd in tune.
As fair art thou, my bonie lass,
So deep in luve am I;
And I will luve thee still, my dear,
Till a' the seas gang dry.
Till a' the seas gang dry, my dear,
And the rocks melt wi' the sun;
And I will luve thee still, my dear,
While the sands o' life shall run.
And fare-thee-weel, my only Luve!
And fare-thee-weel, a while!
And I will come again, my Luve,
Tho' 'twere ten thousand mile!"
"5" "When I was a miller in Fife,
Losh! I thought that the sound o' the happer
Said, ``Tak' hame a wee flow to your wife,
To help to mak' brose to your supper.''
Then my conscience was narrow and pure,
But someway by random it rackit;
For I lifted twa neivefu' or mair,
While the happer said, ``Tak' it, man tak' it.''
Then hey for the mill and the kiln,
The garland and gear for my cogie,
And hey for the whisky and gill,
That washes the dust frae my craigie.
Although it's been lang in repute
For rogues to mak' rich by deceiving,
Yet I see that it disna weel suit
Honest men to begin to the thieving.
For my heart it gaed dunt upon dunt,
Oh, I thought ilka dunt it wad crack it;
Sae I flang frae my neive what was in't,
Still the happer said, ``Tak' it, man, tak' it.''
A man that's been bred to the plough,
Might be deav'd wi' its clamorous clapper;
Yet there's few but would suffer the sough,
After kenning what's said by the happer.
I whiles thought it scoff'd me to scorn,
Saying, ``Shame, is your conscience no chackit?''
But when I grew dry from a horn,
It chang'd aye to ``Tak' it, man, tak' it.''
The smugglers whiles cam' wi' their pocks,
'Cause they kent that I likit a bicker,
Sae I bartered whiles wi' the gowks,
Gied them grain for a sowp o' their liquor.
I had lang been accustomed to drink,
And aye when I purposed to quat it,
That thing wi' its clappertie clink
Said aye to me, ``Tak' it, man, tak' it.''
But the warst thing I did in my life,
Nae doot but ye'll think I was wrang o't;
Od! I tauld a bit bodie in Fife
A' my tale, and he made a bit sang o't.
I have aye had a voice a' my days,
But for singin' I ne'er gat the knack o't;
Yet I try whyles, just thinking to please
The greedy, wi' ``Tak' it, man, tak' it.''
Now, miller and a' as I am,
This far I can see through the matter;
There's men mair notorious to fame,
Mair greedy than me o' the muter.
For 'twad seem that the hale race o' men,
Or, wi' safety, the hauf we may mak' it,
Ha'e some speaking happer within,
That said to them ``Tak' it, man, tak' it.''"
"6" "Ah me, I must mourn my true love evermore
Though coldly forsaken, it's you adore
And if you'd return then I'd make you my bride
Or I'd cross the wild Atlantic to be by your side
On the morning we parted, how sad the farewell
Our words, they were few, but our thoughts none could tell
And when lost to my vision far over the brine
I drank your success in a goblet of wine
Three times have I crossed to the ship as she lay
Becalmed on the breast of the silvery bay
And my crew are the bravest ever handled an oar
And not by the tempest, they laugh at its roar
No ballroom can tempt me nor raise my dispair
For there none in the dance that with you can compare
And to watch the young lovers as they swing 'round the floor
Brings tears to these eyes that may see you no more
And in beauty there's none with this lady could buy
She's as pure as the stars and the blue of the sky
She's as fair as a lily and as sweet as a rose
And there's nothing can tempt me, her name to disclose
No drink will I take for to lighten my heart
But the wildest adventures I'll take for my part
No women on earth will I have for a bride
'Til I cross the wild Atlantic to be your side
Ah me, I must mourn my true love evermore
Though coldly forsaken, it's you adore
And if you'd return then I'd make you my bride
Or I'll cross the wild Atlantic to be by your side"
"7" "When o'er the hill the eastern star
Tells bughtin time is near, my jo,
And owsen frae the furrow'd field
Return sae dowf and weary O;
Down by the burn, where birken buds
Wi' dew are hangin clear, my jo,
I'll meet thee on the lea-rig,
My ain kind Dearie O.
At midnight hour, in mirkest glen,
I'd rove, and ne'er be eerie, O,
If thro' that glen I gaed to thee,
My ain kind Dearie O;
Altho' the night were ne'er sae wild,
And I were ne'er sae weary O,
I'll meet thee on the lea-rig,
My ain kind Dearie O.
The hunter lo'es the morning sun;
To rouse the mountain deer, my jo;
At noon the fisher seeks the glen
Adown the burn to steer, my jo:
Gie me the hour o' gloamin' grey,
It maks my heart sae cheery O,
To meet thee on the lea-rig,
My ain kind Dearie O."
"8" "THE GABERLUNZIEMAN
Oh the pawky auld carle cam o'er the lea
Wi' mony guild-e'ens and guid-days tae me
Sayin', \"Guid wife for your charity
Would you lodge a leal poor man?\"
Laddie wi my tow-ro-ae
Well the nicht being cauld, the carle being wat
It's doon ayant the ingle he sat
My dochters shouthers he began tae clap
And cadgily ranted and sang
Laddie wi' my tow-ro-ae
Between the twa was made a plot
They'd rise a wee afore the cock
And wilily they shot the lock
And fast to the bent they are gane
Laddie wi' my tow-ro-ae
The aul wife gaed whaur the beggar lay
The strae was cauld, he was away
She clappit her hands cryin
\"Waladay!
For some of our gear will be gane\"
Laddie wi my tow-ro-ae
The servant gaed whaur the dochtor lay
Th sheets were cauld, she was away
And fast to the guid wife she gan say
\"Shes awa wi the Gaberlunzieman\"
Laddie wi' my tow-ro-ae
\"O fy gar ride and fy gar rin
And haste ye find these traitors again!
For she's be burnt and he's be slain
The wearyful beggarman\"
Laddie wi' my tow-ro-ae
Meanwhile farhind oot o'er the lea
Fu-snug in a glen where nane could see
The twa wi' kindly sport and glee
Would lo'e the hale day lang
Laddie wi' my tow-ro-ae
Oh the lady cam riding o'er the lea,
efter mony years her guidwife tae see
She had wedded a lord, nae begger he,
That had gaed as the beggarman
Laddie wi' my tow-ro-ae
Well the lady came riding o'er the strand
Wi' fower and twenty at her command
She was the brawest in the land
And she went wi' the beggarman
Laddie wi' my tow-ro-ae"
"9" "Come gather 'round you freeborn men
And draw your chairs to mine.
And I'll tell you of my country,
That you might understand.
And of the English armies,
That marched in for to stay.
Oh that night they wounded Old Ireland,
And she's bleeding to this day.
Their dogs of war were loosed to run
And hunt the rebels down
They hoped to rule this land by fear
And hold it for the Crown
But a mighty thought was born in Men
When they killed James Connolly
Oh that night they wounded Old Ireland
And she's bleeding to this day.
The Border lies like an open wound
That only love can heal
For bitterness and cruelty
They will never close the weal
The mean of vision built a dream
Which the blind men stole away
Ah that night they wounded old Ireland
And she's bleeding to this day.
My heart it holds a vision clear
That thousands more can see
Of Ireland free from hatred
And death and bigotry
Where Irishman to Irishman
Can in friends clasp a hand
If we banish fright from the Ulster night
Then we'll free Old Ireland."
"10" "As I roved out one fine summer's morn
'Mang lofty hills, moorlands and mountains
Wha should I spy but a fair young maid
As I wi' others was out a hunting
No shoes nor stockings did she wear
And neither had she cap nor feather
But her golden hair hung in ringlets fair
The gentle breeze blew 'round her shoulders
I said, \"Braw lass why roam your lane?
Why roam your lane amang the heather?\"
She said, \"My father's awa' frae hame
And I'm herding a' his yowes thegether\"
I said, \"Braw lass gin ye'll be mine
And care tae lie in a bed o' feather
In silks and satins you shall shine
Ye'll be my queen amang the heather\"
She said, \"Kind sir your offer's fine
But I'm afraid 'twas meant for laughter
For I see you are some rich squire's son
And I am but a poor shepherd's daughter\"
\"But had ye been a shepherd loon
Herding yowes in yonder valley
Or had ye been the plooman's son
Wi' a' my heart I could a' loo'd thee\"
I've been tae balls and I've been tae halls
I've been tae London and Balquidder
But the bonniest lass that e'er I saw
Was herding yowes amang the heather"
"11" "Monday morning, why do you haunt me
With your bells and factory whistles all around?
Monday morning, why do you taunt me?
And I so tired I could sleep here on the ground.
'Give me something different please,' I ask at the buroo,
On the board of some big company where there's nae a thing to do,
Let me try insider trading, I'll be equal to the task,
''cause I'm surely being murdered by the brown bag and the flask.'\""
"12" "When first my brave Johnie lad came to this town,
He had a blue bonnet that wanted the crown,
But now he has gotten a hat and a feather,
Hey, brave Johnie lad, cock up your beaver!
Cock up your beaver, and cock it fu' sprush,
We'll over the border, and gie them a brush,
There's somebody there we'll teach better behaviour,
Hey, brave Johnie lad, cock up your beaver!"
"13" "Chorus.-Ca' the yowes to the knowes,
Ca' them where the heather grows,
Ca' them where the burnie rowes,
My bonie dearie
As I gaed down the water-side,
There I met my shepherd lad:
He row'd me sweetly in his plaid,
And he ca'd me his dearie.
Ca' the yowes, &c.
Will ye gang down the water-side,
And see the waves sae sweetly glide
Beneath the hazels spreading wide,
The moon it shines fu' clearly.
Ca' the yowes, &c.
Ye sall get gowns and ribbons meet,
Cauf-leather shoon upon your feet,
And in my arms ye'se lie and sleep,
An' ye sall be my dearie.
Ca' the yowes, &c.
If ye'll but stand to what ye've said,
I'se gang wi' thee, my shepherd lad,
And ye may row me in your plaid,
And I sall be your dearie.
Ca' the yowes, &c.
While waters wimple to the sea,
While day blinks in the lift sae hie,
Till clay-cauld death sall blin' my e'e,
Ye sall be my dearie.
Ca' the yowes, &c"
"14" "Will ye go tae Flanders, Young Jimmy-o?
Oh will ye go tae Flanders, Young Jimmy-o?
There you'll get wine and brandy
And medals find and dandy,
O will ye go to Flanders, Young Jimmy-o?
Oh dinnae go tae Flanders, Young Jimmy-o!
Dinnae go tae Flanders, my own dear Jimmy-o!
What good tae me is brandy
And medals find and dandy,
If you're lyin' deid on Flanders, My Jimmy-o?
Will ye go tae Flanders, young Jimmy-o?
And serve those who command us, Young Jimmy-o?
We fight the fearful Hun
With our long Lee-Enfield guns
Though he's just your fellow man
When we stop for Christmas day.
Jimmy went to Flanders so many years ago,
To the Somme, to Ypres and Arras, not so many years ago.
He played his pipes to battle
And the laddies died like cattle
And the brandy was drunk in Whitehall
A million miles away."
"15" "By the Hush
It's by the hush, me boys
I'm sure that's to hold your noise,
And listen to poor Paddy's narration.
For I was by hunger pressed,
And in poverty distressed,
And I took a thought I'd leave the Irish nation.
cho: So, here's you boys,
Do take my advice;
To Americay I'd have youse not be farin'
For there's nothing here but war,
Where the murdering cannons roar,
And I wish I was at home in dear old Erin.
I sold me horse and plough,
Me little pigs and cow,
And me little farm of land and I parted.
And me sweetheart, Biddy McGhee,
I'm sure I'll never see,
For I left her there that morning, broken hearted.
cho:
Meself, and a hundred more,
To America sailed o'er,
Our fortune to be making, we was thinking;
But when we landed in Yankee land,
They shoved a gun into our hand,
Saying,\" Paddy, you must go and fight for Lincoln. \"
cho:
General Mahar (Meagher) to us said,
\"If you get shot or lose your head,
Every murdered soul of you will get a pension.\"
Well, in the war I lost me leg
All I've now is a wooden peg;
I tell you, 'tis the truth to you I'll mention.
cho:
Now I think meself in luck
To be fed upon Indian buck
In old Ireland, the country I delight in;
And with the devil I do say,
\"Curse Americay, \"
For I'm sure I've had enough on their hard fighting"
"16" "Though Geordie's a man I hav'ny seen lately,
I met with his brother in Tain.
Says I, \"Do ye think that he's still off the drink?\"
\"Oh, no, HE'S AT IT AGAIN!\"
Aye we telt him and aye we warned him;
And aye he promised, but then...
At the turn o' yer back, he'd be right off the track;
And noo, HE'S AT IT AGAIN!
I asked him, \"Is Geordie still makin' good whiskey?\"
(He's prone to distill now and then.)
\"He'd been testin' a sup, and near blew he's sel' up,
But noo, HE'S AT IT AGAIN!\"
Aye we telt him and aye we warned him;
And aye he promised, but then...
At the turn o' yer back, he'd be right off the track;
And noo, HE'S AT IT AGAIN!
Geordie's the lad for courtin' the ladies;
He's tall and handsome, but vain.
He wed five or six, but they tired of his tricks;
And noo, HE'S AT IT AGAIN!
Aye we telt him and aye we warned him;
And aye he promised, but then...
At the turn o' yer back, he'd be right off the track;
And noo, HE'S AT IT AGAIN!
I remember when Geordie discovered the horses,
Then swore no to back them again.
All his horses got bate, he had devil a hate;
But noo, HE'S AT IT AGAIN!
Aye we telt him and aye we warned him;
And aye he promised, but then...
At the turn o' yer back, he'd be right off the track;
And noo, HE'S AT IT AGAIN!
The Baliff caught Geordie doon poachin' the salmon,
And off to the court he was taen;
But the truth for to tell, he'd a rest in his cell;
And noo, HE'S AT IT AGAIN.
Aye we telt him and aye we warned him;
And aye he promised, but then...
At the turn o' yer back, he'd be right off the track;
And noo, HE'S AT IT AGAIN!"
"17" "Tibbie Fowler o' the glen, there's ower mony wooin' at her
Tibbie Fowler o' the glen, there's ower mony wooin' at her
Ten cam' east and ten cam' west and ten cam' sailin' ower the watter
Twa cam' doon yon lang dyke side, there's ower mony wooin' at her
Chorus (after each verse):
Wooin' at her, pu'in at her
Wantin' her, canna get her
Silly elf, it's for her pelf
A' the lads are wooin' at her
Seven but and seven ben, aye seven in the pantry wi' her
Twenty heid aroon' the door, there's ower mony wooin' at her
She's got pendles in her lugs, aye cockle shells would set her better
High-heeled sheen wi' siller tags and a' the lads are wooin' at her
Be a lassie 'ere sae black o' gin she hid the penny siller
Set her up on Tintock Tap, the wind will blaw a minnie 'til her
Be a lassie 'ere sae fair o' gin she hid the penny siller
A flea would fell her in the air afore a man was even 'til her"
"18" "I was forced to wander because that I was poor
And to leave the hills of Caledonia seemed more than I could endure
And when that I was travellin oh what thought came to my mind
That I had never seen her beauty til she was far behind
Ferry me over, ferry me there
To leave the hills of Caledonia, is more than the heart can bear
When lost in distant days gone bywhere the simple joys I'd know
The foreign winds cried \"Caledonia it's time you were goin home\"
So I will find the tallest ship that's ever faced the foam
And I will sail to Caledonia for Caledonia's my home
cho Ferry me over, ferry me there
To leave the hills of Caledonia, is more than the heart can bear
By some friend or neighbor's side where the fires of love burn bright
With songs and stories I'll share my adventurin' until the mornin light
And should some young man ask of me \"Is it brave or wise to roam\"
I'd bid him range the wide world over the better to know his own home
I was forced to wander because that I was poor
And to leave the hills of Caledonia seemed more than I could endure
And when that I was travellin' oh what thought came to my mind
That I had never seen her beauty til she was far behind"
"19" "Up wi' the carls o' Dysart,
And the lads o' Buckhaven,
And the kimmers o' Largo,
And the lasses o' Leven.
Chorus.-Hey, ca' thro', ca' thro',
For we hae muckle ado.
Hey, ca' thro', ca' thro',
For we hae muckle ado;
We hae tales to tell,
An' we hae sangs to sing;
We hae pennies tae spend,
An' we hae pints to bring.
Hey, ca' thro', and see.
We'll live a' our days,
And them that comes behin',
Let them do the like,
An' spend the gear they win.
Hey, ca' thro', and see."
"20" "The old days have gone that had use for a man
Who supported his laird-ship, protectin' his land.
Who in times of unrest, would have died for his lord
Now the soldiers of England have taken his broad sword.
And there's fire in the glen, fire in the glen!
But no fire in the eyes of our Highland men...
And the laird has a smile for the makers of graves
For the builders of empires and the keepers of slaves
For he kept his great home losing nothing but pride
Though his kinsmen lay huddled along the shore-side...
And there's fire in the glen...
So beware of their banners and the general's lies
There's no glory for the poor man, no glittering prize
For we gave all we had, now our homes they fall down
And I cry out \"Republic!\" and allegiance to no crown.
And there's fire in the glen...
The old days have gone that had use for a man
Who supported his laird-ship, protecting his land
Who in times of unrest, he would have dies for his lord
Now the soldiers of England have taken his broad sword
And there's fire in the glen, fire in the glen
But no fire in the eyes of our Highland men
And there's fire in the glen, fire in the glen
But no fire in the eyes of our Highland men"
"21" "Oh Bridget O'Malley, you've left my heart shaken
With a hopeless desolation I'd have you to know
It's the wonders of admiration your quiet face has taken
And your beauty will haunt me wherever I go.
The pale moon above the white sands, the pale stars above the thorn trees
Are cold beside my darling, but no purer than she
I gaze upon the cold moon till the stars drown in the warm sea
But the bright eyes of my darling are never on me.
My Sunday is weary, my Sunday it is grey now
My heart is a cold thing, my heart is a stone
All joy is dead within me, my life has gone away now
For another has taken my love for his own.
The day is approaching when we were to be married
And it's rather I would die than live only to grieve
Oh, meet me, my Darling, e'er the sun sets o'er the barley.
And I'll meet you there on the road to Drumslieve."
"22" "It if wasn't for the ships that do sail, that do sail,
It if wasn't for the ships that do sail,
Dublin Lady wouldn't have to sit alone upon her stool,
It if wasn't for the ships that do sail.
If it wasn't for the butter tubs and coal all in the hold,
Dublin Lady wouldn't have to spend her nights alone and cold,
If it wasn't for the kegs of beer and cattle in the pen,
Dublin Lady wouldn't miss her sailor laddie now and then,
If it wasn't for the Irish Sea so narrow with no reef,
Dublin Lady wouldn't have to sit and weep all in her grief,"
"23" "As I came in by Auchindoun
A little wee bit frae the town
When to the Highlands I was bound
To view the Haughs of Cromdale
I met a man in tartan trews
I spiered at him, what was the news
Quo' he, \"The Highland army rues
That ever we came to Cromdale\"
\"We were in bed, sir, every man
When the English host upon us came
A bloody battle then began
Upon the Haughs of Cromdale\"
\"The English horse, they were so rude
They bathed their hoofs in Highland blood
But our brave clans, they boldly stood
Upon the Haughs of Cromdale\"
\"But, alas, we could no longer stay
For over the hills we came away
And sore we do lament the day
That ever we came to Cromdale\"
Thus the great Montrose did say
\"Can you direct the nearest way?
For I will over the hills this day
And view the Haughs of Cromdale\"
\"Alas, niy, Lord, you're not so strong
You scarcely have two thousand men
And there's twenty-thousand on the plane
Stand rank and file on Cromdale\"
Thus the great Montrose did say
\"I say, direct the nearest way
For I will over the hills this day
And see the Haughs of Cromdale\"
They were at dinner, every man
When the great Montrose upon them came
A second battle then began
Upon the Haughs of Cromdale
The Grant, Mackenzie and M'Ky
Soon as Montrose they did espy
Oh, then they fought most valiantly
Upon the Haughs of Cromdale
The M'Donalds, they returned again
The Camerons did their standard join
M'Intosh played a bloody game
Upon the Haughs of Cromdale
The M'Gregors fought like lions bold
M'Phersons, none could them control
M'Lauchlins fought like loyal souls
Upon the Haughs of Cromdale
M'Leans, M'Dougals and M'Neils
So boldly as they took the field
And made their enemies to yield
Upon the Haughs of Cromdale
The Gordons boldly did advance
The Frasers fought with sword and lance
The Grahams they made the heads to dance
Upon the Haughs of Cromdale
The loyal Stewarts with Montrose
So boldly set upon their foes
And brought them down with Highland blows
Upon the Haughs of Cromdale
Of twenty thousand Cromwell's men
Five hundred fled to Aberdeen
The rest of them lie on the plain
Upon the Haughs of Cromdale"
"24" "In the year '98, when our troubles were great
It was treason to be a Milesian.
And the black-whiskers said we would never forget
And our history shows they were Hessians.
And in these troubled times, it was a great crime
And martyrdom never was riper
Near the town of Glenshee, not an acre from Meath,
Lived one Denny Burns, the Piper!
Neither weddin' nor wake would be worth a shake
If Denny was first not invited.
For at squeezin' the bag, or emptyin' the keg,
He astonished as well as delighted!
But in these times Denny could not earn a penny,
Martial Law had him stung like a viper!
And it kept him within till the bones of his skin
Grinned thru the rags of the piper!
Now one day it did dawn, as Denny crept home,
Back from a fair at Lethangin,
When what should he see, from the branch of a tree,
But the corpse of a Hessian, there hangin'!
Says Denny, \"These rogues have got boots, I've no brogues!\"
He took hold of the boots wi' a griper,
And the boots were so tight, and he pulled with such might,
Legs and all come away with the piper!
Ah, then Denny did run for fear of bein' hung
Til he came to Tim Haley's cabin.
Says Tim from within, \"I can't let ye in!
Ye'll be shot if you're caught out there rappin'!\"
So he went to the shed where the cow was in bed,
He began with a whisp for to wipe her,
And they lay down together, in seven foot of heather,
And the cow took to huggin' the piper!
Well the day it wore on, and Denny did yawn,
And he stripped off the boots from the Hessian!
And the legs, be the law, he just left in the straw,
And he slipped home with his new possessions!
Now breakfast bein' done, Tim sent his young son
To get Denny up like a lamplighter,
And the legs there he saw; he flew up like a jackdaw!
And said \"Daddy, the cow's et the piper!\"
Ah, bad luck to that beast, she's no musical taste!
To eat such a jolly old chanter!
A Phairaig a mhic, Take a lump of a stick!
Drive her off, down the road and we'll canter!
Well the neighbors were called, Mrs. Kennedy bawled,
She began for to humbug and jiper,
And in sorrow they met, and their whistles they wet,
And like devils, lamented the piper!
(more!)
Denny The Piper (Cont.)
And the cow she was drove a mile or two off,
And they came to a fair at Killaley.
And there she was sold for four guineas of gold
To the clerk of the parish, John Daly.
And they went to the tent where the pennies were spent,
Tim bein' a jolly old swiper,
And who should be there, playin' the Rakes of Killdare,
Just your bold Denny Burns, the piper!
Ah, then Tim give a jolt like a half-drunken colt,
And he stares at the piper like a gamog,
I thought, by the Powers, for the last sev'ral hours,
You were playin' in the old cow's stomach!
Well when Denny observed that the Hessian's been served
Began just to humbug and jiper,
Oh, in grandeur they met, and their whistles they wet,
And like devils they danced round the piper!"
"25" "The moon's on the lake, and the mist's on the brae,
And the Clan has a name that is nameless by day;
Our signal for fight, that from monarchs we drew,
Must be heard but by night in our vengeful haloo!
Then haloo, haloo, haloo,Grigalach!
If they rob us of name, and pursue us with beagles,
Give their roofs to the flame, and their flesh to the eagles!
Then gather, gather, gather, Grigalach!
Gather, gather, gather, Grigalach!
While there's leaves in the forest, and foam on the river,
MacGregor, despite them, shall flourish for ever!
Glen Orchy's proud mountains, Coalchuirn and her towers,
Glenstrae and Glenlyon no longer are ours;
We're landless, landless, landless, Grigalach!
Landless, landless, landless, Grigalach!
Through the depths of Loch Katrine the steed shall career,
O'er the peak of Ben-Lomond the galley shall steer,
And the rocks of Craig-Royston like icicles melt,
Ere our wrongs be forgot, or our vengeance unfelt!
Then haloo, haloo, Grigalach!
If they rob us of name, and pursue us with beagles,
Give their roofs to the flame, and their flesh to the eagles!
Then gather, gather, gather, Grigalach!
Gather, gather, gather, Grigalach!.
While there's leaves in the forest, and foam on the river,
MacGregor, despite them, shall flourish for ever!
Then gather, gather, gather, Grigalach!
Gather, gather, gather, Grigalach!
Gather, gather, gather, &c.;
Gather, gather, gather, Grigalach!"
"26" "Instrumental"
"27" "Pity the fate of a poor Irish stranger,
That wanders so far from his home,
That sighs for protection from want, woe, and danger,
That knows not from which way for to roam.
Yet I'll never return to Hibernia's green bowers,
For tyranny tramples the sweetest of flowers,
That once gave me comfort in loneliest hours
Now they are gone I shall ne'er see them more.
With wonder I gazed on yon lofty building,
As in grandeur I rose from its lord,
But soon I beheld my fair garden yielding
The choicest of fruit for his foe.
But, where is my father's lone cottage of clay,
Wherein I' ve spent many a long day,
Alas ! has his lordship conniv'd it away ?
Yes, it is gone, I shall never see it more.
When nature was seen in the sloe bush and bramble,
All smiling in beautiful bloom,
Over the fields without danger, I often
Did ramble amidst their perfume ;
I have wranged through the woods where the gay feather'd
throng
Joyfully sung their loud echoing song
These days then of summer passed sweetly along,
Now they're goneI shall ne'er see them more !
When the sloe and the berries hung ripe on the bushes
I have gathered them off without harm
I have gone to the field and shorn the green rushes,
Preparing for winter's cold storm !
Along with my friends telling tales of delight,
Beguiling the hours of the long winter's night,
Those days gave me pleasureI could them invite ;
Now they're gone, I shall ne'er see them more."
"28" "There was a lad was born in Kyle,
But whatna day o' whatna style,
I doubt it's hardly worth the while
To be sae nice wi' Robin.
Chor. - Robin was a rovin' boy,
Rantin', rovin', rantin', rovin',
Robin was a rovin' boy,
Rantin', rovin', Robin!
Our monarch's hindmost year but ane
Was five-and-twenty days begun^2,
'Twas then a blast o' Janwar' win'
Blew hansel in on Robin.
Robin was, &c.
The gossip keekit in his loof,
Quo' scho, \"Wha lives will see the proof,
This waly boy will be nae coof:
I think we'll ca' him Robin.\"
Robin was, &c.
\"He'll hae misfortunes great an' sma',
But aye a heart aboon them a',
He'll be a credit till us a'-
We'll a' be proud o' Robin.\"
Robin was, &c.
\"But sure as three times three mak nine,
I see by ilka score and line,
This chap will dearly like our kin',
So leeze me on thee! Robin.\"
Robin was, &c.
\"Guid faith,\" quo', scho, \"I doubt you gar
The bonie lasses lie aspar;
But twenty fauts ye may hae waur
So blessins on thee! Robin.\"
Robin was, &c."
"29" "Oh, there're sober men in plenty,
And drunkards barely twenty,
There are men of over ninety
That have never yet kissed a girl.
But gie me a ramblin' rover,
And fae Orkney down to Dover.
We will roam the country over
And together we'll face the world.
There's many that feign enjoyment
From merciless employment,
Their ambition was this deployment
From the minute they left the school.
And they save and scrape and ponder
While the rest go out and squander,
See the world and rove and wander
And are happier as a rule.
I've roamed through all the nations
Ta'en delight in all creation,
And I've tried a wee sensation
Where the company, did prove kind.
And when partin' was no pleasure,
I've drunk another measure
To the good friends that were treasure
For they always are in our minds.
If you're bent wi' arth-i-ritis,
Your bowels have got colitis,
You've gallopin' with bollockitis
And you're thinkin' it's time you died,
If you been a man of action,
Though you're lying there in traction,
You will get some satisfaction
Thinkin', \"Jesus, at least I tried.\""
"30" "There was a fair young lady so lately I've been told
She lived with her uncle, the cause of all her woes;
Her uncle had a ploughboy, which Mollie liked quite well
And in her uncle's garden their tender love did tell.
So early one morning this old man he arose
And at Mollie's room door he hastened on his clothes,
Saying, \" Arise you handsome female, and married you shall be
For the squire is a-waiting on the banks of sweet Dundee.
\"A fig to all your squires, to lord and Jews likewise,
For William 'pears like diamonds a-glittering in my eyes.\"
\"You never shall have Willie, nor happy shall you be
For I mean to banish Willie from the banks of sweet Dundee.\"
The first crowd came on Willie when he was all alone,
He fought full hard for his liberty, but there were eight to one;
\"Pray kill me now,\" says Willie, \"Pray kill me now,\" says he
\"For I'd rather die for Mollie on the banks of sweet Dundee.\"
As Mollie was walking, lamenting for her love
She meets the wealthy squire, all in her uncle's grove.
\"Stand off, stand off!\" says Mollie, \"Stand off, you man,\" says she,
\"For I'd rather die for Willie on the banks of sweet Dundee.\"
He threw his arms around her and crushed her to the ground,
There she spied two pistols and a sword beneath his morning-gown;
The pistols she slipped slyly, and the sword she used free
She shot and killed the squire on the banks of sweet Dundee.
Her uncle overheard them, come hastening to the grove
Saying, \"You've killed the wealthy squire, prepare for your death-blow,\"
\"Stand off, stand off!\" says Mollie, \"Stand off, you man, says she,\"
So the trigger drew and her uncle slew on the banks of sweet Dundee.
The doctor being sent for, he knew that they were killed
Also there came a lawyer to write the old man's will.
He willed his gold to Mollie, because she fought so free
Then closed his eyes to write no more on the banks of sweet Dundee"
"31" "THERE came to the beach a poor exile of Erin.
The dew on his thin robe was heavy and chill;
For his country he sighed, when at twilight reparing.
To wander alone by the wind-beaten hill.
But the day-star attracted his eyes' sad devotion,
For it rose o'er his own native isle of the ocean,
When once in the fire of his youthful emotion,
He sang the loud anthem of Erin-go-Bragh.
\"Sad is my fate!\" said the heart-broken stranger :
The wild-deer and wolf to a convert can flee.
But I have no refuge from famine and danger-
A home and a country remain not to me.
Never again, in the green sunny bowers,
Where my forefathers lived, shall I spend the sweet hours,
Or cover my harp with the wild-women flower,
And strike to the numbers of Erin-go-Bragh.
\"Erin, my country ! though sad and forsaken,
In dreams I revisit thy sea beaten shore:
But alas ! in a far foreign land I awaken,
And sigh for the friends who can meet me no more
O! cruel fate ! wilt thou never replace me
In a mansion of peace where no perils can chase me?
Never again shall my brothers embrace me.
They died to defend me, or live to deplore.
\"Where is my cabin door, fast by the wild wood?
Sisters and sire, did you weep for its fall?
Where is the mother that looked on my childhood?
And where is the bosom friend dearer than all?
O! my sad heart! long abandoned by pleasure,
Why did it dote on fast-fading treasure?
Tears, like the rain-drops, may fall with-out measure,
But rapture and beauty they cannot recall."
"32" "It being a fine morning, this young man he chose
That he'd make occasion to wear his fine clothes
And it's down to the glen where the bonnie lassie goes
To give her a token of his love, we suppose
\"Mary, oh Mary, if I could be your man
Between you and danger I fearlessly would stand
With this gold claddagh ring on your lily-white hand
Oh, there ne'er was another would dress you so grand.\"
There's no sun in summer there's no flowers in spring
Her hands hold my heart like the gold claddagh ring.
\"Johnny, oh Johnny the ring it is of gold
And it's hands and fine heart, they are lovely to behold
But if I had the ring for one evening to hold
Then you shall have my answer e'er the week shall be old.\"
\"Oh why have the weeks gone and not an answer came ?
And why is it that women are smarter than men ?
Oh the girl's kept the ring which I shall ne'er see again
Oh, she has many like it in a fine box at hame.\"
There's no sun in summer there's no flowers in spring
Her hands hold my heart like the gold claddagh ring.
It being a fine morning, this young man he chose
That he'd make occasion to wear his fine clothes
And it's down to the glen where the bonnie lassie goes
To give her a token of his love, we suppose
There's no sun in summer there's no flowers in spring
Her hands hold my heart like the gold claddagh ring.
Oh, her hands hold my heart like the gold claddagh ring."
"33" "My darling, do not break your heart
Though I leave this Irish shore
Though their cruel laws may force us to part
Fate may join we two once more
Take this farewell kiss as a token
Of my love while far I stray
For true love will never be broken
Let me kiss your tears away
Like the rain, like the rain
When he turned his back to Donegal
Her tears fell like the rain
Don't let your eyes fill with sorrow, love
Don't wet your pretty cheeks with tears
There will come a bright new tomorrow, love
There will come an end to fears
Dark may seem our lives December
Time will bring to us the May
Love will guide me back remember
Let me kiss your tears away
Like the rain, like the rain
When he turned his back to Donegal
Her tears fell like the rain
Take this jewelled ring to wear, my love
While I am o'er the wave
Next my heart you know I will wear, my love
This lock of hair you gave
Kiss me once before we sever
For my safety say, you'll pray
You will be my dearest, forever, love
Let me kiss your tears away
Like the rain, just falling like the rain
When he turned his back to Donegal
Her tears fell like the rain
Like the rain, like the rain
When he turned his back to Donegal
His tears fell like the rain"
"34" "[Chorus]
Green grow the rashes, Oh,
Green grow the rashes, Oh,
The sweetest hours that e'er I spend,
Are spent amang the lasses, Oh.
There's nought but care on ev'ry han',
In ev'ry hour that passes, Oh,
What signifies the life o' man,
An' 'twere na for the lasses, Oh,
Green grow, and see
The war'ly race may riches chase,
An' riches still may fly them, Oh,
An' tho' at last they catch them fast,
Their hearts can ne'er enjoy them, Oh.
Green grow, and see
But gie me a cannie hour at e'en,
My arms about my dearie, Oh,
An' war'ly cares, an' war'ly men,
May a' gae tapsalteerie, Oh!
Green grow, and see
For you sae douce, ye sneer at this,
Ye're nought but senseless asses, Oh,
The wisest man the warl' e'er saw,
He dearly lov'd the lasses, Oh.
Green grow, and see
Auld Nature swears, the lovely dears
Her noblest work she classes, Oh,
Her prentice han' she try'd on man,
An' then she made the lasses, Oh.
Green grow, and see."
"35" "I am a wand'ring minstrel man,
And Love my only theme,
I've stray'd beside the pleasant Bann,
And eke the Shannon's stream;
I've pip'd and play'd to wife and maid
By Barrow, Suir, and Nore,
But never met a maiden yet
Like Brighidin Ban Mo Store.
My girl hath ringlets rich and rare,
By Nature's fingers wove -
Loch-Carra's swan is not so fair
As her breast of love;
And when she moves, in Sunday sheen,
Beyond our cottage door,
I'd scorn the high-born Saxon queen
For Brighidin Ban Mo Store.
It is not that thy smile is sweet,
And soft thy voice of song -
It is not that thou fleest to meet
My comings lone and long;
But that doth rest beneath thy breast,
A heart of purest core,
Whose pulse is known to me alone,
My Brighidin Ban Mo Store!"
"36" "I mourn for the Highlands, now drear and forsaken
The lands of my fathers the gallant and brave
To make room for the sportsmen, their lands were all taken
And they had to seek out new homes far away
Oh shame on the tyrants who brought desolation
Who banished the brave and put sheep in their place
Where once smiled the gardens rank weeds in their station
And deer are preferred to the leal-hearted braves
Oh where are the parents and bairns yonder rovin
The scene o' their gladness is far o'er the main
No blithe-hearted milk-maid now cheers at the gloaming
The herd-boy no longer seen on the plain
But the lark is still soaring; she sings in her glory
With no one to listen her sweet morning lay
The clansmen are gone, but their deeds live in story
Like chaff in the wind, they were borne far away"
"37" "Ae fond kiss, and then we sever,
Ae fareweel, alas, for ever!
Deep in heart-wrung tears I'll pledge thee,
Warring sighs and groans I'll wage thee.
Who shall say that Fortune grieves him,
While the star of hope she leaves him?
Me, nae cheerful twinkle lights me;
Dark despair around benights me.
I'll ne'er blame my partial fancy,
Naething could resist my Nancy,
But to see her was to love her,
Love but her, and love for ever.
Had we never lov'd sae kindly,
Had we never lov'd sae blindly,
Never met-or never parted,
We had ne'er been broken-hearted.
Fare-thee-weel, thou first and fairest!
Fare-thee-weel, thou best and dearest!
Thine be ilka joy and treasure,
Peace, Enjoyment, Love and Pleasure!
Ae fond kiss, and then we sever!
Ae fareweeli alas, for ever!
Deep in heart-wrung tears I'll pledge thee,
Warring sighs and groans I'll wage thee."
"38" "\"Oh, hold your tongue, dear Sally, as i gang tae the town
And I'll buy for you a jaunting car and a braw white muslin gown
I'll buy for you a jaunting car and a braw white muslin gown
And likewise a bonnie wee lap dog tae follow your jaunting car\"
\"Oh, the de'il gang wi' your lap dog, you jaunting cars and all
For I'd rather hae a young man tae row me fae the wall
Oh I'd rather hae a young man wi' no a penny at all
Before that I'd hae an old man tae row me fae the wall
\"For your pipes they're never in order, your chanter's no in tune
And I wish that the devil would hae you and put a young man intae
your room
I wish that the devil would hae you and put a young man intae
your room
For I'd rather have a young man wi' no penny at all\"
And now the old man's dead and gone, but he's left her a gey fee
He's left tae her ten thousand pounds and all of his lands sae
free
He's left tae her ten thousand pounds and all of his lands sae
free
And likewise a bonnie wee lap dog tae follow her jaunting car"
"39" "Tho' women's minds, like winter winds,
May shift, and turn, an' a' that,
The noblest breast adores them maist-
A consequence I draw that.
Chorus
For a' that, an' a' that,
And twice as meikle's a' that;
The bonie lass that I loe best
She'll be my ain for a' that.
Great love I bear to a' the fair,
Their humble slave, an' a' that;
But lordly will, I hold it still
A mortal sin to thraw that.
For a' that, &c.;
But there is ane aboon the lave,
Has wit, and sense, an' a' that;
A bonie lass, I like her best,
And wha a crime dare ca' that?
For a' that, &c.;
In rapture sweet this hour we meet,
Wi' mutual love an' a' that,
But for how lang the flie may stang,
Let inclination law that.
For a' that, &c.;
Their tricks an' craft hae put me daft.
They've taen me in, an' a' that;
But clear your decks, and here's-\"The Sex!\"
I like the jads for a' that.
For a' that, &c.;"
"40" "THE HEART OF YOUR HOME
He still smiles when he recalls
How the gold ring fit her finger
And they made that moment linger
That it's memory'd be strong
They had made a brand new start
Found a whole new way of living
Two voices joined together
Singing no sad songs
When the hard times come around
May you see them through together
Let there be love and laughter
In the heart of your home
Leaving there was always hard
Leaving her was never easy
With those memories to tease you
Summer night's seemed winter's long
But in his heart there was a song
And the only sound worth hearing
Two voices joined together
Singing no sad songs"
"41" "I'm wearin' awa', Jean
Like snaw-wreaths in thaw, Jean
I'm wearin' awa'
To the land o' the Leal
There 's nae sorrow there, Jean
There 's neither cauld nor care, Jean
The day is aye fair
In the land o' the Leal
Ye, aye,were leal and true, Jean
Yer task is ended noo, Jean
And I'll welcome you
Tae the lan' o'the Leal
Our bonnie bairn 's there, Jean
She was baith gude and fair, Jean
And oh, we grudged her sair
To the land o' the Leal
So, dry that tearfull e'e, Jean
My saul langs to be free, Jean
And angels wait on me
To the land o' the Leal
Now fare-ye-weel, my ain Jean
This warld's cares are vain, Jean
We'll meet, and we'll be fain
In the land o' the Leal
I'm wearin' awa', Jean
Like snaw-wreaths in thaw, Jean
I'm wearin' awa'
To the land o' the Leal
There 's nae sorrow there, Jean
There 's neither cauld nor care, Jean
The day is aye fair
In the land o' the Leal"
"42" "Wha will ride wi' gallant Murray
Wha will ride for Geordie's sel'
He's the flower o' Glen Isla
And the darlin' o' Dunkeld
See the white rose in his bonnet
See his banner o'er the Tay
His guid sword he now has drawn it
And has flung his sheath away
Every faithfu' Murray follows
First of heroes, best of men
Every true and trusty Stewart
Blythely leaves his native glen
Athol lads are lads of honour
Westland rogues are rebels a'
When we come within their border
We may gar the Campbell's claw
Menzies he's our friend and brother
Gask and Strowan are nae slack
Noble Perth has ta'en the field
And a' the Drummonds at his back
Let us ride wi' gallant Murray
Let us fight for Charlie's crown
From the right we'll never sinder
Til we bring the tyrants down
MacIntosh the gallant sodger
Wi' the Grahams and Gordons gay
They have ta'en the field of honour
Spite of all their chiefs could say
Point the musket Bend the rapier
Shift the brog for Lowland shoe
Scour the durk and face the danger
MacIntosh has all to do"
"43" "There's many who talk of Freedom
And we have some it's true
But if you think it's fairly shared around
Then you don't have a clue,
No you just don't have a clue.
Freedom oh Freedom while men are bought and sold
You're free if you've plenty of money boys
For freedom is like gold. Freedom is like gold.
She's young and she's a mother
Her man is out on the town
Her life reads like a lousy book
But she can't put it down
No, she just can't put it down.
Apartheid in South Africa
Is everything that's vile
In this land of inequality
Slavery's in style
Slavery's in style.
Have you ever been in CND.
And are you a union man?
If you stood at the Mine in the picket line
You may never work again.
You may never work again.
And the rich folk they have plenty
While the poor folk they have none
But who must die when the bullets fly?
It's the poor man and his son
The poor man and his son."
"44" "My heart was ance as blithe and free
As simmer days were lang,
But a bonie, westlin' weaver lad
Has gart me change my sang.
To the weaver's gin ye go, fair maids,
To the weaver's gin ye go,
I rede you right, gang ne'er at night,
To the weaver's gin ye go.
My mither sent me to the town,
To warp a plaiden wab,
But the weary, weary warpin o't
Has gart me sigh and sab.
To the weaver's.
A bonie, westlin weaver lad
Sat working at his loom;
He took my heart as wi' a net,
In every knot and thrum.
To the weaver's
I sat beside my warpin-wheel,
And aye I ca'd it roun';
But every shot and evey knock,
My heart it gae a stoun.
To the weaver's
The moon was sinking in the west,
Wi' visage pale and wan,
As my bonie, westlin weaver lad
Convoy'd me thro' the glen.
To the weaver's
But what was said, or what was done,
Shame fa' me gin I tell;
But Oh! I fear the kintra soon
Will ken as weel's myself!
To the weaver's"
"45" "Where are you tonight I wonder
And where will you be tonight when I cry?
Will sleep for you come easy,
Though I alone can't slumber
Will you welcome in the morning
At another man's side?
How easy for you the years slipped under
And left me a shadow the sun can't dispel
I built for you a tower of love and admiration
But I set you so high I could not reach myself.
I look through my window at a world filled with strangers
The face in my mirror is the one face I know
You have taken all that's in me, so my heart is in no danger
My heart is in no danger, but I'd still like to know
If there is a silence then it can be broken
If there beats a pure heart to her I will go
And time will work its healing and the spirit will grow stronger
Ah, but in the meantime I'd still like to know."
"46" "Have you seen him on the corner
And his lip would reach the pavement.
He's been hiding from his razor,
Is he not an awful sight?
In love he was the purist,
How he's frightening our tourists.
If he'd gone and asked his father
Oh, I'm sure he'd set him right, sayin'
\"Take her in your arms
And tell her that you love her,
Take her in your arms
And hold that woman tight.
Won't you take her in your arms
And tell her that you love her.
If you're going to love a woman
Then be sure you do it right.\"
Now he met her at a disco
In a dive in San Francisco
And it all might have been different
Had he seen her in daylight.
She was painted, she was scented,
But she drove your man demented
If he'd gone and asked his father
Oh, I'm sure he'd set him right, sayin'
Here's a pub with fun and laughter
The landlord's buying bevvy.
There's a session in the corner
And the crack is grand tonight,
But your man who's lost his woman,
He's still at home lamenting.
If he'd gone and asked his father
Oh, I'm sure he'd set him right, sayin'
Now, depression's not a million laughs
But suicide's too dangerous.
Don't go leppin' out of buildings
In the middle of the night.
It's not the fall --- but landin'
That'll alter social standin'
So go first and ask your father
Oh, I'm sure he'll set you right, sayin'
Here's a health to all true lovers,
Their sisters and their brothers,
And their uncles and their grannies,
For this thing is black and white.
If you're keen to start romancin'
With its leppin' and its dancin'
Then go first and ask your father
And I'm sure he'll set you right, sayin'"
"47" "My heart was ance as blythe and free
As simmer days were lang,
But a bonnie westlin weaver lad
Has gart me change my sang.
Chorus:
Tae the weaver's gin ye go fair maid,
Tae the weaver's gin ye go,
I rede ye richt, gang ne'er at nicht,
Tae the weaver's gin ye go.
My mither sent me tae the toon
Tae warp a plaiden wab;
But the weary weary warpin o't
Has gart me sigh and sab.
Chorus
A bonnie westlin weaver lad
Sat workin at his loom
He took my heart as wi a net
In every knot and thrum.
Chorus
I sat beside my warpin-wheel
And ay I ca'd it roun'
But every shot and every knock
my heart it gae a stoun.
Chorus
The moon was sinkin in the west
Wi' visage pale and wan,
As my bonnie westlin weaver lad
Convoy'd me thro' the glen.
Chorus
But what was said or what was done
Shame fa' me gin I tell
But Oh, I fear the kintra soon
Will ken as weel's mysel.
Chorus"
"48" "I am a ramblin' Irishman
It's Ulster I was born in
And manys the happy hour I spent
On the banks of sweet Loch Erin
Ah but to live poor I could not endure
Like others of my station
To America I sailed away
And left this Irish nation
Rie tan tah na nah tan tan na nah
rie tan tan a noo tan a tan deh
The night before I went away
I spent it with my darlin
From 2 o'clock in the afternoon
Til the break of day next morning
And when that we were going for to part
We linked in each other's arm
And you may be sure, ah and very very sure
It's wounded both her charms
Rie....
The very first night I spent on board
I dreamt about my Nancy
I dreamt I held her in my arms
And it's well she pleased my fancy
Ah, but in the morning when I awoke
And I found my bosom empty
Ah you may be sure, and very very sure
That I lay discontented
Rie....
Ah but when we reached the other side
We both stout and healthy
We dropped our anchor in the bay
Going down to Philadelphie
Let every lass link with her lad
Blue jacket and white trousers
Let every lad link with his lass
Blue petticoat and white blousers
Tan tan na nah..... (repeat first verse...)"
"49" "It was a' for our rightfu' King
We left fair Scotland's strand,
It was a' for our rightfu' King
We e'er saw Irish land, my dear,
We e'er saw Irish land.
Now a' is done that men can do,
And a' is done in vain,
My Love and Native Land fareweel,
For I maun cross the main, my dear,
For I maun cross the main.
He turn'd him right and round about,
Upon the Irish shore,
And gae his bridle reins a shake,
With adieu for evermore, my dear,
And adiue for evermore.
The soger frae the wars returns,
The sailor frae the main;
But I hae parted frae my Love,
Never to meet again, my dear,
Never to meet again.
When day is gane, and night is come,
And a' folk bound to sleep,
I think on him that's far awa,
The lee-lang night, and weep, my dear,
The lee-lang night, and weep."
"50" "Oh, what a parish, a terrible parish;
Oh, what a parish is that o' Dunkeld.
They hangit their minister, droon'd their precentor,
Dang doun the steeple and fuddled the bell.
The steeple was doun but the kirk was still staunin',
They biggit a lum whaur the bell used to hang.
A stell-pat they gat and they brewed Hielan' whisky;
On Sundays they drank it and ranted and sang.
O, had you but seen how graceful it lookit,
To see the crammed pews sae socially joined.
MacDonald the piper stood up in the poopit,
He made the pipes skirl out the music divine.
Wi' whiskey and beer they'd curse and they'd swear;
They'd argue and fecht what ye daurna weel tell.
Bout Geordie and Charlie they bothered fu' rarely
Wi' whisky they're worse than the devil himsel'.
When the hairt-cheerin' spirit had mounted their garret,
Tae a ball on the green they a' did adjourn.
The maids wi' coats kilted, they skippit and liltit,
When tired they shook hands and then hame did return.
If the kirks a' owre Scotland held like social meetin's
Nae warnin' ye'd need from a far-tinklin' bell,
For true love and friends wad draw ye thegither
Far better than roarin' the horrors o' hell."
"51" "There was a lord, lived in this town
Who had a handsome, lovely daughter.
She was courted by a fair young man
Who was a servant to her father.
But when her parents they came to know
They swore theyd send him from the island.
The maid she knew her heart would break
Had she to part with young Matt Hyland.
Then straightway unto her love she goes,
Into his room him to awaken.
Saying, arise my love, and go away,
This very night you will be taken.
I overheard my parents say
In spite of me he will transport you.
So arise, my love, and go away,
I wish to God Id gone before you.
Oh must I go, to her he said,
Oh must I go without my wages.
Without one penny allin my purse
Just like some poor, forlorn stranger
Heres fifty guineas all in bright gold
And thats far more than father owes you.
So take it now and go away,
I wish to God Id gone before you.
They both sat down upon the bed
Just for the side of one half hour,
Not a word did either speak,
But down their cheeks the tears did shower.
She rests her head upon his breast
And round his neck her arms entwined.
Not duke nor lord, nor earl Ill wed
Ill wait for thee my own Matt Hyland.
Ill wait for thee my own Matt Hyland.
Ill wait for thee my own Matt Hyland."
"52" "My name is Patrick Sheehan, and my years are thirty-four;
Tipperary is my native place, not far from Galtymore;
I came of honest parents, but now they're lying low;
Though' many's the pleasant days we spent in the Glen of Aherlow.
My father died; I closed his eyes, outside the cabin door;
For the landlord and the sheriff too, were there the day before,
And then my lovin' mother, and my sisters three, also,
Were forced to go with broken hearts, from the Glen of Aherlow
For three long months, in search of work, I wandered far and near;
I then went to the poorhouse to see my mother dear;
The news I heard near broke my heart, but still in all my woe,
I blessed the friends who made their graves in the Glen of Aherlow.
Bereft of home and kith and kin, with plenty all around,
I starved within my cabin, and slept upon the ground;
But cruel as my lot was, I never did hardship know,
Till I joined the English army, far away from Aherlow.
\"Rouse up there,\" cried the corporal, \"Ya lazy Irish hound!
Why don't you hear the bugle, its call to arms to sound? \"
I found I had been dreaming of the days long, long ago,
And I woke upon Sebastopol, and not in Aherlow
I tried to find my musket, how dark I thought the night!
O blessed God! It wasn't dark, it was the broad daylight!
And when I found that I was blind, my tears began to flow,
And I longed for even a pauper's grave in the Glen of Aherlow.
A poor neglected mendicant, I wander Dublin's streets
My nine months' pension it being out, I beg from all I meet;
As I joined my country's tyrants, my face I can never show,
Amongst my dear old neighbors in the Glen of Aherlow.
So Irish youths, dear countrymen, take heed in what I say;
For if you join the English ranks, you'll surely rue the day
And whenever you're tempted, a-soldiering to go.
Remember poor blind Sheehan from the Glen of Aherlow."
"53" "Let your quacks and newspapers be cutting their capers
About curing the vapors the scratch and the gout
With their medical potions, their serums and their lotions
Upholding their notions, they're mighty put out.
Who can tell the true physic to all that's pathetic
And pitch to the divil, cramp, colic and spleen
You'll know it I think if you take a big drink
With your mouth to the brink of a jug of poteen
So stick to the cratur' the best thing in nature
For sinking your sorrows and raising your joys
Oh what botheration, no dose in the nation
Can give consolation like poteen me boys.
No liquid cosmetic to lovers athletic
Or bodies pathetic can give such a bloom
As the sweet by the powers in the garden of flowers
Ever gave their own bowers such a darling perfume
And this liquid so rare if you willingly share
To be taking your hair when it's frizzled and dead
Oh the sod has the merit to yield the true spirit
So strong it will shake all the hairs from your head
Then stick to the cratur' the best thing in nature
For sinking your sorrows and raising your joys
Oh since its perfection, no doctor's direction
Can cleanse the complexion like poteen me boys
While a child in me cradle, me nurse with her ladle
Was filling my mouth with a notion of pap
When a drop from her bottle fell into my throttle
I stumbled and capered clean out of her lap
On the floor I lay crawlin' and screaming and bawling
'Til me mother and father were called to the fore
All sobbing and sighing they feared I was dying
But soon found I only was crying for more.
So stick to the cratur' the best thing in nature
For sinking your sorrows and raising your joys
Oh lord how they'd chuckle if babes in their truckle
They only could suckle on poteen me boys
Through my youthful aggression, through times of depression
My childhood's impression still clung to my mind
And at school or at college the basis of knowledge
I never could gulp 'til with whiskey combined
And as older I'm growing times ever bestowin'
On Erin's potation, a flavor so fine
And how ere they may lecture on jove and his nectar
Itself is the only true liquid divine
So stick to the cratur' the best thing in nature
For sinking your sorrows and raising your joys
Oh lord, 'tis the right thing for courting and fighting
There's nowt so exciting as poteen me boys.
Come guess me this riddle, what beats pipes and fiddle
What's hotter than mustard and milder than cream
What best wets your whistle, what's clearer than crystal
What's sweeter than honey and stronger than steam
What'll make the lame walk, what will make the dumb talk,
The elixir of life and philospher's stone
And what helped Mr. Brunnell to build the Thames Tunnel
Wasn't it poteen from ould Inisowen
So stick to the cratur' the best thing in nature
For sinking your sorrows and raising your joys
Oh lord, it's no wonder, if lightning and thunder
Weren't made from the plunder of poteen me boys.
You maidens pathetic, with lovers athletic
For liquid cosmetic, you can't beat the drop
With a glow to your cheek, it will make your heart leap
It'll quiet a stallion or cure an old cob
At the mouth you would drool, be reduced to a fool
You'd kick up your heels and you'd peel to the buff
Then 'tis he'd be pathetic while you'd be athletic
If only you'd take a few drops of the stuff
So stick to the cratur' the best thing in nature
For sinking your sorrows and raising your joys
For there's nothing like whiskey to make maidens frisky
It soon separates all the men from the boys."
"54" "At market day in Huntley toon
An' it was there, I did agree
Wi' Bogieside, the farmer
A twelve month for to fee
Tae drive his twa best horses
That's a task that I could do
Tae drive his twa best horses
In the harrow and the ploo
Now Bogie had a dochter
Her name was Isabelle
She was the lily o' the valley
An' the primrose o' the dell
An' when she went out walkin'
She chose me for her guide
Doon by the burn at Cairnie
Tae watch the fishes glide
And when three months was scarcely o'er
The lassie lost her bloom
An' the red fell frae her bonnie cheeks
An' her eyes began to swoon
Noo, the neist nine months were past and gone
She brought tae me a son
And I was quickly sent for tae
See what could be done
I said that I would marry her
But oh, that widna dae
For, \"You're nae match for Bonnie Belle
An' she's nae match for thee\"
He sent me packin' doon the road
Wi' nae penny o' my fee
Sae a' ye lads o' Huntley toon
A lang fareweel tae ye
But noo she's marrit tae a tinker lad
Wha bides in Huntley toon
He mends pots and pans and paraffin lamps
Aan' scours the country roon
Maybe she's gotten a better match
Auld Bogie canna tell
But it was me wha's ta'en the maidenheid
O' Bogie's bonnie Belle"
"55" "Es zinu daudziem bail
Un daudziem sp mans rajons,
Pa Maskavas ielas brui ejot,
Auksti top.
Ir grti sveiem saprast,
Kas gan ajs iels
Var vispar kdam
Tuvs un mjigs kdreiz kt.
Par daudz eit pagtnes
Un patiesbas rgtas,
Un piecpadsmitais trolejbuss jau leendrs.
Pie bazncas s brni, akmeus kas mt,
Un pietur starp suiem vei alu lok.
T daa Rgas,
T daa manas Rgas,
Saretas, ldz galam nepaztas...
T daa Rgas,
T daa manas Rgas,
Saretas...
Ms akli vienmr redzot tikai gruus apkrt,
Starp gruiem atmirdz pilsta, kas vienmr aug.
Atpogjiet acis va paskatties,
eit sen jau nav k desmit gadus atpaka!
T daa Rgas,
T daa manas Rgas,
Saretas, ldz galam nepaztas...
T daa Rgas,
T daa manas Rgas,
Saretas...
T daa Rgas,
T daa manas Rgas,
Saretas, ldz galam nepaztas...
T daa Rgas,
T daa manas Rgas,
Saretas...
Augt un attstties,
Cit gaism pardties,
Vienmr prmainties,
Jaunm domm piepildties...
Augt un attstties,
Cit gaism pardties,
Prmainties,
Jaunm
domm piepildties...
N, n man nevajag cit Rig,
Esmu eit pat sav sabiedrb.
N, n es neldzu citu Rgu,
Daa s Rgas jau daa no manis.
Gar Daugavas krastu ejot, kliedzot sirds nk va,
Tpat kad baznc, tik viegli alla top.
Ms akli vienmr redzot tikai gruus apkart,
Aizmirstot, ka pilsta mums vienmr vl top..."
"56" "Black bay whered you go
I have lost any light from your boats
And it only makes me feel more alone
Grey fog dont you tire
Of the dark isolation of night
I know that the pressure gives you life
I know that the truth comes with the quiet
But Im just so afraid of mine
So I blame the ones that I love
When I am no one to act as a judge
I know the bottles not best
But Im just so starved for some kind of rest
From these lungs
And my tied tongue
What makes a man cave
To the simple escape from his days
Is it only a triumph over fear
Of what happens when waking disapears
Or do we secretly love these tears"
"57" "No answers
No absolutes
All theories
With no kind of proof
Clinging on to what we were told
In our youth
I know what they believe I just dont
Know why now
With all that weve learned
Still no answers
With no stone unturned
I know Im never gonna be right
And so I
Im filling my belly tonight"
"58" "I read the advice in your letter
To see myself without a filter
So tonight I have locked all my doors
And Im down on all fours
Wild again
The dawnlight is slowly approaching
Eyes open to slow down the spinning
I bet youd be proud of me now
Lost in my own house
I cant find a way out
I used to believe
That shame only came on display
To the others
But I was wrong
Im here by myself and the feeling is strong
Im learning to split into portions
The pain that comes sharp with the morning
I take some with coffee and then
I bring some back to bed
And wait for a dream"
"59" "You shouldnt trust me
I cant decide
Whether my instincts
Care what is right
If good is inherent
Its hard to find
Beneath the conceit
In our design
They say were the only
Capable of charity
But I would be lying
To make a claim
Of any decisions
That arent in vain
When even my giving
Could be explained
By the willful feelings
That overtake me"
"60" "In the dark of night
When the last drop of blind youth
Has left you
You will wake to find
That you have been lied to
You're nothing more
Than cells, same as the ones that surround you
And the will to make
And build what there isn't
Before you
Now will break
This paper and concrete
Are nothing new
Just earth moved and glued, stuck to you
I warned you
There's no use
Trying to win"
"61" "Shivering
I am looking in at
People that I call my friends
Just a sillhouette
With a cigarette
And no idea who I am
There were songs in these eyes
But now theyre gone
If only I had held the light in
Flashing teeth
They are smiling
So happy to burn through their time
And I dont know when
But I lost the will to savor mine
Now theyre all
Stumbling to some other house
Though Ive tried I cant find any interest now
It takes
The guilt of just a small mistake
To puncture the joy
So its poisoned by doubt
I just wanted to face the expanse
But those dead ends have come to haunt me
I had tried to understand
How I should operate this body
And I was sure, but I was wrong
If only I had held the light in
The darkness would be gone"
"62" "A knock on my door
Woke me this morning
Made by the hand
Of a well-dressed woman
Whod set aside
Part of her morning
To ask me if I know why Im alive
She walked by a man
Who scours the alley
Each day for cans
To trade for money
To buy a chance
To play the lottery
And when he doesnt win, he starts the cycle again
Made to scavenge
Like an animal
So I cannot help
But watch him searchin
For lucky breaks
Just like a vulture
And wonder if
His sense of purpose is any less than what Im gettin here
Bettered by wealth
and education
But just as unsettled
and impatient
I am too easily sustained
I cant sleep
If I am made to obey
Then why this brain
This plague of intellect that infects
Any peaceful state
Cause I cant say
If anything
Is meaningful
Or some impulse to trick me into
Another day
Of this grey"
"63" "Feed me make yourself proud
Fill my mouth up until I drown
You pull me onto dry land
And choke me out with the same two hands
We die and never come back
And each of us has to learn from scratch
So Im left to follow my gut
But who in the fuck can I trust when my own blood
Lies to me
Leads my mouth to drink
And then punishes me in the morning
I have no
Kind of hold
To pull myself from cold grief
That fills my heart with warning
So I fight but I cant stop the bite of these teeth
Dont you flatter yourself
We give or we take but were only selfish
Just blinking counting our days
Watching the shadows upon this cave"
"64" "We were sitting at a table at a little caf
Cleaning our plates like some kind of a race
We finished our meal without making a sound
I glanced at him, he flagged the waitress down
She brought us our check and said will that be all
He said, yeah thanks, and sent her off with a nod
I'm sure she was thinking, I don't know about those guys
But when she counted her tip, she had to smile
What I got from him is my stubborn side
and the tapping my fingers on the wheel when I drive
And the gift of keeping strangers an arms length away
Not knowing what I'm thinking behind my poker face
When I'm stuck in a crowd at a party somewhere
With people that I'm supposed to know
I don't do small talk, but I'll shake your hand
You'll wonder about me, and I'll consider us friends
What I got from him is my quiet side
And annoying everybody with how slow I can drive
And the habit of never calling anybody by name
So they're never quite sure if I know who they are
As they try to read my poker face
If you see us out at some little caf,
cleaning our plates like some kind of a race
And you can't figure out if we're happy or mad
That's the way that we like it, me and my dad
I tend to be a little bit cheap,
but I tip pretty well and I'm easy to please
And I like keeping strangers an arms length away
And I like keeping secrets behind my poker face"
"65" "Tonight in Carolina, the bleachers are empty and quiet
Not a ball's been hit my way all night
I hit a grounder up the middle, but the shortstop made the play
I'll never make it to the big leagues this way
But the smell of fresh cut grass and peanut shells fill the southern sky
And we'll be heading back to Birmingham tonight
CHORUS;
These towns roll by like tumbleweeds
Through the windows of these late-night trains
To those of us down here, it's still a game
I may never be a hero, and you'll never know my name
But if I broke the record, I would do it clean
Last week out in Greenville, about an hour before the game
A boy was watching warm-ups, with a big smile on his face
He put down his popcorn, held out a ball and pen
He looked a little awestruck, as I signed it for him
I didn't ask for money, I just smiled and shook his hand
You should've seen the spring in his step, as he ran to show his dad
`
REPEAT CHORUS
America's favorite pastime, it's simple and it's pure
We all still watch the big leagues, but now we're not so sure
But if you can catch a game in Birmingham, on a perfect summer day
I'll run out every grounder, that's how I learned to play
It's not glamorous in double A, it's not for everyone
But baseball's what I do, who I am and what I love"
"66" "The pocket is torn from the years it's spent catching
The car keys and the spare change
You can tell it's been worn from the tears in the stitching
This old sweatshirt's seen better days
In March '96 I was traveling through this town
And wanted a cheap souvenir
I would never have guessed from the name on the chest
That one day I'd end up living here
12.99, bought me the chance to stay warm for the night
Now in my mind, it takes straight back to that place and that time
It's amazing the things you can buy for 12.99
I can still picture the red in her face
Just as clear as this stain on the sleeve
She was convinced that she'd ruined our first date
When she spilled her coffee on me
But the heat was no match for the look that she had
As the air outside kept getting colder
We drove to the beach, and she shivered beside me
And I draped it over her shoulders
12.99, bought her the chance to stay warm for the night
Now in my mind, it takes me straight back to that place and that time
It's amazing the things you can buy for 12.99
It's just 13 bucks, at the courthouse downtown
For the papers to make her my bride
I dig through the pocket, and come up one coin short
The judge says that he'll let it slide
It's amazing the things you can buy
12.99, bought me the chance to look back on my life
One day in my mind, I will remember this place and this time
It's amazing the things you can buy for 12.99"
"67" ""
"68" ""
"69" ""
"70" "Rien ne presse
Sur les fesses de la Vnus de Milo
Plus un geste, c'est la sieste des oiseaux
Rien ne reste,
Sur nos vestes se renverse le sirop.
Sans un tresse, nos rflexes sonnent faux
Ce qui marchait debout,
N'avait pas peur de tout
Mme des dsillusions, l'appel de l'horizon
Mais le monde a chang,
On a tout dcoup et c'est pas gagn, gagn, tu sais
Plus rien ne bouge et a nous fait de l'ombre
Un peu partout la peste brle, gronde
Rien ne presse,
Sur les fesses de la Vnus de Milo
Plus un geste, c'est la sieste des oiseaux
Rien ne reste,
Sur nos vestes se renverse le sirop
Sans un tresse, nos rflexes sonnent faux
Tu cherches un peu la guerre,
Tu ne la trouves pas toujours et c'est pas rigolo,
Les trous dans ton cerveau
Ils te font un peu mal et parfois mme ils te parlent
Quelle est la solution, la prochaine mission
Nos maisons brlent et a nous fait de l'ombre
De savoir qu'un jour ils nous fumeront
Nos rves brlent et a nous fait de la peine
De savoir qu'un jour ils nous quitteront
Rien ne presse"
"71" ""
"72" ""
"73" ""
"74" ""
"75" ""
"76" "Farewell my sweet
Well the time that was coming
The road has begun to move beneath my feet
Good things come to an end
Well I hope through the pain
The heartache and strain we can still remain friends
Something about a southern girl
Make me feel right
In a Mississippi morning
She's an angel in flight
In a blink of an eye
She'll be out of your sight
Something about a southern girl
You're a soft melody
Well I swear that I heard
From a lost mockingbird stuck up in a tree
We got a lot going on
Even though I'm not here
Please don't shed any tears for me day when I'm gone
Something about a southern girl
Make me feel right
In a Mississippi morning
She's an angel in flight
In a blink of an eye
She'll be out of your sight
Something about a southern girl
I never meant to leave you lonely
It was only in your mind
Girl, I never meant to leave you lonely
It was only a matter of time
Something about a southern girl
Make me feel right
In a Mississippi morning
She's an angel in flight
In a blink of an eye
She'll be out of your sight
Something about a southern
Something about a southern girl"
"77" "And if you wanna leave me
Baby, go ahead
I know you don't believe me
Oh, when I finally said that
I'm not myself
When I'm with you
It takes and breaks
My heart in two
I'm half a mile from Jersey
The headlights on the shore
You know how much it hurts me
I never been this deep before
And I'm not myself
When I'm with you
It takes and breaks
My heart in two
And oh, does anybody have a clue
How hard I worked at loving you?
And I'm not myself
When I'm with you
It takes and breaks
My heart in two"
"78" "The phone rings
And I don't care who it is that is calling
You moved our things from ours to his
While outside the snow is falling
The wedding band that meant so much
Signified our blessed vow
Like coffee spills and unpaid bills and all my pills
It's in a dusty dresser drawer now
I watched these trees from green to brown
Suddenly this small town has gotten smaller
The arctic breeze it sings to me, and says now look
Any fool can go out and walk on water
I shoulda known that time alone
Would only serve to break you down
Don't know why I sit and stare at that damn thing sitting there
In a dusty dresser drawer now
Snow has turned to water
To please the trees
And cheer up that late bloomer
While I'm sipping on a beer counting down another year
Couldn't come a second sooner
I wonder how easily that ring it slid off of your finger
Did you stop for a moment
Let the memory of us linger
Or was it just an afterthought
Like casting water from a bow
I'm past the point of crying
For a love that lies there dying
In a dusty dresser drawer now
It's such a goddamn shame
Right next to your picture frame
In a dusty dresser drawer now
If anybody asks me what I think, that love is for now, I'll tell them
Look in a dusty dresser drawer now"
"79" ""
"80" "I never meant to be a burden
Oh I just worry more than I'd like to
I never meant to be a burden
Please forgive me if I've weighed on you
For so long I have lived amongst the shadows
Waiting for the sun to break on through
Oh it's time I cast my oars and head out on these shores
And find some place where I can start anew
I never meant to be a burden
Oh I just worry more than I'd like to
I never meant to be a burden
Please forgive me if I've weighed on you
Oh forgive if I've weighed upon your back
It's so heavy already without me
Going ahead into this abyss and find my own way out of this
So you can walk ahead more easily
I never meant to be a burden
But you're the light that is guiding me through
I never meant to be a burden
Please forgive me if I've weighed on you
Please forgive me if I've weighed on you
Please forgive me if I've weighed on you
Burden - Amos Lee"
"81" ""
"82" ""
"83" ""
"84" ""
"85" ""
"86" "Verse 1:
Well the morning came like a freight train, bearing down on me from a
Thousand miles a way.
Well it came and gone and kept rolling on, laying up all night with tear
Stained sheet as my veil.
Chorus:
I dont want to see you again, I dont want to feel your breath
As you leaned on me so peacefully while we slept
And I dont want the keys to our door, I dont live there anymore
And Ill do my best just to forget the dreams weve dreamt
Verse 2:
Well the morning came with the pouring rain, and I felt just as empty as a
Pail.
With the evidence and your crime confessed, it dont seem right that its
Me that spent nights in jail.
Chorus:
I dont want to see you again, I dont want to feel your breath
As you leaned on me so peacefully while we slept
And I dont want the keys to our door, cause I dont live there anymore
And Ill do my best just to forget the dreams Ive dreamt
Bridge:
If you feel a chill in the air, its my spirit hanging somewhere
And if you ever get scared, look on the bright side
Youve got a new life
Verse 3:
Now the evening's come, and Im all alone
And I cant tell if silence is my foe or my friend
Well Im holding on, but I aint too strong
Ive gotta get some rest before that train come back around the bend
Chorus:
I dont want to see you again, I dont want to feel your breath
As you leaned on me so peacefully while we slept
And I dont want the keys to our door, I dont live there anymore
And Ill do my best just to forget the dreams weve dreamt.dreams weve
Dreamt"
"87" "Misty mountain lady, won(tm)t you borrow me tonight
I(tm)m gon(tm) keep you company
Or until the morning light
I don(tm)t want you to be untrue
I don(tm)t want you to be untrue
But the truth is, I(tm)m the man who wants you
Sit right down, and I will
I(tm)m gon(tm) give you an end t(tm) this pain
Let the game come easily
You don(tm)t have to understand
I don(tm)t want you to be untrue
I don(tm)t want you to be untrue
But the truth is, I(tm)m the man who wants you
Misty mountain lady, won(tm)t you borrow me tonight
I ain(tm)t him and this ain(tm)t when
He did not treat you right
I don(tm)t want you to be untrue
I don(tm)t want you to be untrue
But the truth is, I(tm)m the man who wants you
I don(tm)t want you to be untrue
I don(tm)t want you to be untrue
But the truth is, I(tm)m the man who wants you"
"88" ""
"89" "Well I walked over the bridge
Into the city where I live
And I saw my old landlord
Well we both said, \"Hello\"
There was no where else to go
'Cause his rent I couldnt afford
Well relationships change
Though I think its kind of strange
How money makes a man grow
Ah, some people they claim
If you get enough fame
You live over the rainbow, over the rainbow
But the people on the street
Out on buses or on feet
We all got the same blood flow
Oh in society every dollar got a deed
We all need a place that we can go
And feel over the rainbow
Sometimes we forget what we got
Who we are or who we are not
I think we got a chance to make it right
Keep it loose, keep it tight, keep it tight
Im in love with a girl whos in love with the world
Though I cant help but follow
Though I know someday she is bound to go away
And stay over the rainbow
Got to learn how to let her go over the rainbow
But sometimes we forget who we got
Who they are or who they are not
There is so much more in love than black and white
Keep it loose child, you gotta keep tight
Keep it loose, keep it tight, keep it tight
Keep it tight, yeah"
"90" "My soul is as open as the sky
Often time it's just as blue
People tell me to keep on dreaming
That's just what I'm gonna do
Now everybody want to treat me like a house fly
Turn me around and tell me to shoo
They want to tell me to keep on dreaming
That's just what I'm gonna do
Every moral has a story
Every hand needs a glove
Sometime it's for the glory
Ah, but mostly, it's for the love
It's the love
It's the love
It's the love that pulls me through
So when they tell me to keep on dreaming
That's just what I'm gonna do
That's just what I'm gonna do"
"91" "I aint no wide eyed rebel
Oh, but I aint no preachers son
And now I see the trouble
And all the loving that I have done
And the world aint no harder
Than its ever been
Looking for love
In the lies of a lonely friend
And so much superstition
And so much worry in my heart
I need a new religion
Its time to make a brand new start
And the world aint no easier
Than its ever been
Looking for love
In the lies of lonely friend
Remember when we were in California
We were so much happier then
Now were back in New York City
Looking for love in the lies of a lonely friend
And now the clocks are running
And no one knows where time goes
You know the moon is stunning
Its only shadows that she shows
And the world aint no harder
Than its ever been
Looking for love
In the lies of lonely friend
I aint no wide eyed rebel
Oh, but I aint no preachers son"
"92" "I am at ease in the arms of a woman
Although now, most of my days I spend alone
Thousand miles, place I was born
When she wakes me, she takes me back home
Now, most days, I spend like a child
Who's afraid of ghosts in my mind
I know there ain't nothin' out there
I'm still afraid to turn on the lights
I am at ease in the arms of a woman
Although now, most of my days I spend alone
A thousand miles, place I was born
When she wakes me, she takes me back home
A thousand miles, place I was born
When she wakes me, she takes me back home
I am at ease in the arms of a woman
Although now, most of my days I spend alone
A thousand miles, place I was born
When she wakes me, she takes me
Ya, when she wakes me, she takes me
Ya, when she wakes me, she takes me back home
When she wakes me, she takes me back home"
"93" "I've been waiting a long time
I was just hoping I might find
Ah, the right kind of lover for me
Well you know I've been lonesome
God knows we all been lonesome
Some people think being lonesome really means being free
But, I would give it all up for you
Yes I would give it all up for you
Yes I would give it up
Settle down
Stop looking around
I finally found something true
We live in a world full of confusion
A culture based in illusion
Ah, some people think it's amusing
But its really just fantasy
I would give it up for you
Yes I would give t all up for you
Yes I would give it up
Settle down
Stop looking around
I finally found
Ah, yeah
I would give it all
I would give it all up for you now baby
I would give it all
I would give it all
It would give it all up for you now baby"
"94" "Did you believe them
When they told you they discovered you
And that everything is free
As long as you do what they tell you to
You think it's true
But nothing could be further from the truth, my love
Did you even listen when they told you to change your name
Now nobody wants honesty when looking at a perfect frame
Play the game
But nothing could be further from the truth, my love
And nothing is more powerful than beauty in a wicked world
Play it girl
Play it girl
Play it girl
Does it make you feel good
When they tell you what you want to hear
And after they suck all your soul
Well, that's when they'll disappear
Disappear, disappear for ever
Like a prince in your little fairy tale
And you will find it when they put your soul on sale
But nothing could be further from the truth, my love
And nothing is more powerful than beauty in a wicked world"
"95" "Yesterday I got lost in the circus
Feeling like such a mess
Now I'm down I'm just hanging on the corner
I can't help but reminisce
'Cause when you're gone all the colors fade
When you're gone no New Year' Day parade
You're gone colors seem to fade
Your mama called, she said that you're downstairs crying
Feeling like such a mess
Yeah, I hear ya background bawling
What happened to your sweet summer time dress?
I know we all, all got our faults
We get locked in our voids and make mistakes"
"96" "All my friends, they all live in pain
Longing for the warmth of childhood to bring them home again
All my friends, they got broken hearts
And if the world's a stage we're searching for our parts
We'll face the winds that break the strongest of trees
Beckon for the sweet soft summer breeze
All my friends, they got broken wings
Never will you hear them asking why the caged bird sings
'Cause all my friends they know how to live
Oh, so much sorrow and so much love to give
We'll face the winds that break the strongest of trees
Beckon for the sweet soft summer breeze
And oh now we all know that the storm is coming
Everybody wants to know which way to go
I see the crowds a running and oh the wind's gonna blow
All my friends are dear to me
Oh when the storm comes they're as close as family
All my friends are the ones I choose
Oh, if I hear them knockin' you know I can't refuse
We'll face the winds that break the strongest of trees
Beckon for the sweet soft summer breeze
All my friends"
"97" "Woah, black river
Gonna take my cares away
Woah, black river
Gonna take my cares away
Gonna take my cares
Gonna carry my cares
Gonna take my cares away
Gonna take my cares
Gonna carry my cares
Gonna take my cares away
Woah, dear Savior
Gonna take my cares away
Woah, dear Savior
Gonna take my cares away
Gonna take my cares
Gonna carry my cares
Gonna take my care away
Gonna take my cares
Gonna carry my cares
Gonna take my cares away
Woah, sweet whiskey, Lord gonna
Gonna take my cares away
Woah, sweet whiskey, Lord, you're gonna
Gonna take my cares away
Gonna take my cares
Gonna carry my cares
Gonna take my cares away
Gonna take my cares
Gonna carry my cares
Gonna take my cares away
You're gonna take my bottle, my bible, my mess
You're gonna take all of my empty and my loneliness
Gonna take all of the sadness inside of me
Gonna take it all and set me free
Woah, black river
Gonna take my cares away"
"98" "Go ahead baby, run away again
Im growin' tired of chasin' you
I know you only have time to love me
You've got nothin' better to do
Whos bold enough to believe
In either love or war
Both just leave you busted
And broken down and wantin' more
Baby, Ive seen it all before
You know that Ive seen it all before
You know that Ive seen it all before
I aint gonna be your fool anymore
I can hear my heart poundin'
Oh, but I just cant decide
Stuck between the depths of my fears
And the peaks of my pride
Baby, Ive seen it all before
You know that Ive seen it all before
You know that Ive seen it all before
I aint gonna be your fool anymore
Ive seen your tricks
And I've seen your trade offs
Ive seen your evil ways
Ive seen everythin'
Your twisted smile conveys
And I aint gonna be your fool, baby
I aint gonna be your fool, baby
I aint gonna be your fool, baby
I aint gonna be your fool, baby
I aint gonna be your fool, baby
I aint gonna be your fool, baby
I aint gonna be your fool, baby, any more"
"99" "I keep on livin'
To keep from cryin'
I keep on dreamin'
To keep from dyin'
I keep on trying
I ain't gonna stop
Get right down to the bottom of the barrel
And float back on top
We all know someone
Who's always hurtin'
The sun is shinin'
They draw the curtain
One thing for certain
The pain ain't gonna stop
You get right down to the bottom of the barrel
And you float back on top
'Cause I know the grass
Is always greener
In someone else's yard
And the world
Is so much meaner
When your heart is hard
I go out walkin' in any season
It could be rainin'
It could be freezin'
I don't need no reason
It's just so pleasin'
And I can't stop
You get right down to the bottom of the barrel
And you float back on top
You get right down to the bottom of the barrel
And you float back on top
Oh yeah, oh yeah, come on"
"100" "seven spanish angels take another angel home tonight"
"101" "Come here my darling
Come on now
You may not be certain
You may not know how
Were all born strangers
This we can see
We may fear each other
But each other we need
So may I remind you, love
What is inside you, love
The whole world is turning black
The springtime is sunshine,
The flowers grow back
The flowers grow back
Baby my darling, your family
You may feel broken
But youre golden to me
Come to me softly, come to me strong
Just like a wind in the willows, singing it's song
Dont spend time wasted
Believing a lie
A love you were born with
Oh it never can die
May I remind you love,
What is inside you, love
The whole world is turning black
The heart thats inside you is coming back
So may I remind you
May I remind you
May I remind you, love"
"102" "You've been playing your own game, baby
And you didn't give me the rules.
Now I'm sitting on the sideline
And I'm feeling just like a fool.
You don't have to speak,
I can see it in your eyes,
Say no more,
Say goodbye.
You've been holding back the tears baby,
You've been hiding all your hurt
You've been wrestling with your tears baby
Meanwhile I'm dealing in the dirt.
You don't have to speak,
I can see it in your eyes,
Say no more,
Say goodbye.
You don't have to speak,
I can see it in your eyes,
Say no more,
Say goodbye.
You've been waiting, you've been waiting so long
But you haven't been saying oh and everything's been wrong
Now you're lying down with your steely silence now
And I can see where this is going.
You don't have to speak,
I can see it in your eyes,
Say no more,
Say goodbye.
You don't have to speak,
I can see it in your eyes,
Say no more,
Say goodbye.
You don't have to speak,
I can see it in your eyes,
Say no more,
Say goodbye."
"103" "When I am returning
Another day on the job
It's like a revelation coming home
Seeing you sleeping with the light on
Mm hmm
It's just these simple things
Keep me holding on
It's just these simple things
Keep me holding on
I can't go back
Right these wrongs
Oh, but these simple things keep me holding on
Mm hmm
Well I know it gets hard, baby
Things get crooked and crossed
Sometimes I just get so hardly baby
I start feeling lost
Mm hmm
It's just these simple things
Keep me holding on
It's just these simple things
Keep me holding on
I can't go back
Right these wrongs
Oh, but these simple things keep me holding on"
"104" "Well I never asked for nothin'
I got nothin' in return
Turn out that there's something
Letters bound and burned
Well I know you think you knew me
Well I thought I knew you too
I guess I was a fool but...
That ain't nothing new
We all fall into... the darkness
oooh the darkness
oooh the darkness
Befor the Dawn
Well I never was wasteful
with the time I had at hand
Guess I had to chase you
So I had to understand
That we all fall into... the darkness
oooh the Darkness
oooh the Darkness
Before the Dawn
So go get out my records
If you take one last request
Tell me that you love me
that you always did your best
So I sense I fell into... the darkness
oooh the darkness
oooh the darkness
oooh the darkness"
"105" ""
"106" "You speak of love
But you ain't no lover
You were a friend
More like a brother
As the miles pass beneath me
The sounds made so
Sweetly came to an end
And no man can deny her
But now you're a liar
And you've no room left to defend
When I left I should have known better
Of the kind of man that you are
You'd have to get her
And I know you got a lot of pain
That's born inside you
But instead of growing stronger
You let it divide you, oh
How could you be so careless
How could you be so careless
And the waves that are crashing
True lives of passion
Washing on your shore
Yes sir, life has been costing
A true love's been lost
And I can't get back anymore
And I'm sure
That we both still both love her
And it's a shame we both lost her
And in time lost each other
But a trust has been broken
And words have been spoken
But you can mend
And no man can deny her
And as you laid beside her
I hope it felt good my friend
How could you be so careless
How could you be so careless"
"107" "Saturday night, my head is spinning.
I wonder who's heart I've been sinning for.
Cold rain blows on my window.
Soft sand gone from my pillow.
One more step that I've been taking,
Yes and one more,
I don't need no more breaking up.
All the red lights, how they are
Burning down the highway.
I remember when the wind
Had blown my way.
But the wind blew down my line.
Yeah, the wind, blew down my line.
Man on the street, each day I'm passing.
A small bite to eat is all he's been asking for.
Oh, but cold steps is all he's been yeilding.
Oh, and now I know that empty feeling.
Yeah, the wind blew down my line
Yeah, the wind blew down my line.
Yeah, the wind blew down my line"
"108" "A thousand empty window
And only half the lights are out
I wonder what these people's lives
What they might be all about
Do they got a lover
And could they have a family
Could it be they're just as lonesome
As you and me
I wanna shout out, shout out loud
Why don't you all just come on out
And we can tear it all down, yeah
White lights burning
Down an empty avenue
I wonder if their driver
Found someone he can go on home to
I wanna shout out, shout out loud
Why don't you all just come on out
And we can tear it all down, yeah
'Cause everybody's got a part in the game
And everybody's got a cross they can claim
And everybody's got somebody to blame
But we all must find our own way, yeah, yeah
I wanna shout out, shout out loud
I wanna shout out, shout out loud
I wanna shout out, shout out loud
Shout out loud, yeah, yeah
Shout out loud, yeah, yeah
Shout out loud, shout out loud
Shout out loud"
"109" "I've been working on a night train
Drinking coffee, taking cocaine
I'm out here on a night train
Trying to get us safely home
Well in a little country station
Somewhere out in the midwest
I see the people out there waiting
Heart beating in my chest
And I'm thinking about a woman
Who I would put no one above
I'm not looking to replace her
Just need someone to love
Well I'm out here on my night train
Drinking coffee, taking cocaine
I'm out here on a night train
Trying to get us safely home
And I'm living in the city
Where the noise, it never stops
How much pounding on the pavement
Whizzes from traffic cops
Nobody looks you in the eye here
Walking around with clinched fists
I've been searching for a simple place
Don't know if it exists
There's a sunrise out there calling my name
I can see her moving, I can see her moving
Well at a certain time of night, now
I'll become one with the wind
Where there isn't a beginning
And there is no end
Oh when everything is flowing
Everything is on time
And I know that we're all going
To the end of the line
Well I'm out here on my night train
Drinking coffee, taking cocaine
I'm out here on a night train
Trying to get us safely home
Well I'm out here on my night train
Drinking coffee, taking cocaine
I'm out here on a night train
Trying to get us safely home
Trying to get us safely home
Trying to get us safely home"
"110" "It ain't no jive
I was burnin' alive
Whenever you walked in the room
It happened so quickly
I was feelin' so sickly
Like a lover who lost his muse
The sharks in the tank
The man in the bank
He wants my money to loan
I can't understand
What the hell is his plan?
I ain't even got a home
Ain't got a home
The girl on the street
With holes in her feet
Looks through eyes of a clown
She don't look mad
Just feelin' kinda sad
So I just walk around
I reassess, she's down on her luck
She's reading a book of lies
I don't know when I'll be comin' home, baby
But I sure can sympathize
Can sympathize
Angels spread their wings
On all the dirty things
You do
She drops to the floor
Her head's by the door
Her bible is by her side
Heaven is callin'
The new world is fallin'
And she ain't got a single person left
To confide
No one to confide
I sympathize
Can sympathize"
"111" "Somethin gotta give with the way Im livin
Seems Im gettin down everyday
The more I strive, the less Im alive
And it seems I'm gettin further away
Oh well, all my superstitions
And my crazy suspicions
Of the people that I care about
I've been doin more screamin
Than I've been doin dreamin
And I think its time I figured it out
Yeah, baby I need a plan, oh, to understand
That life aint only supply and demand
I've been goin joggin in the park after dark
Draggin round with me my ball and chain
Took southern skies to make me realize
That Im causin myself this pain
Well, the woman that Im lovin
Yeah, Im pushin and shovin
Getting further on by the day
And I cant understand
How the heart of this man
Ever let it end up this way
Baby, I need a plan, oh, to understand
That life aint only supply and demand
When the road gets dark and lonesome, dear
You can find me here
But honey, you dont know where I am
You need a friend, yeah
Life aint easy, in fact I know its sleazy
When youre the big man in town
Shakin religions and makin decisions
You never get to slow on down
Well, your wife and your baby
You tell them, Yeah, well maybe
Ill meet yall at a weekend resort
But your eye's on the prize
And you cant realize
That your little girls lifes so short
Brother, you need a plan, oh, to understand
That life aint only supply and demand
Yeah, sister you need a plan, oh, to understand
That life aint only supply and demand
Hey, you better figure it out now
You know you aint comin back down, yeah
You better figure it out now
You know you aint comin back down"
"112" "Don't wanna be a martyr in this war
Don't wanna hear the same excuses anymore
That everything's a threat and it's only gonna get wose if we let it
don't wanna blame the rich for what they got
Don't point a finger at the poor for what they have not
Though the politician and the priest live in the belly of the beast because we fed it
freedom is seldom found by beatin someone to the ground
Tellin em how everything is gonna be now, yeah,
now if the tables were turned tell me how you would feel
Somebody busted up into your house tellin you to stay still
While the leaders will deny defeat the innocent they testify by dyin in the street"
"113" "I don't know if I can do this alone
Oh, after all our sweet love is flown
I've been a running, I've been skipping like a stone
And I don't know if I, I can do this alone
When I met her, she was standing by a door
I ain't never seen a light like that before
Now she's left me for something more sure
And I don't know if I, I can do this anymore
Lovers will come, lovers will go
This rare seed are from which true love might grow
And if you see her, won't you please say, hello
'Cause I don't know if I can do this alone"
"114" "Sweet pea, apple of my eye
Don't know when and I don't know why
You're the only reason I keep on coming home
Sweet pea, what's all this about?
Don't get your way, all you do is fuss and pout
You're the only reason I keep on coming home
Unlike the Rock of Gibraltar
I always seem to falter
And the words just get in the way
Oh, I know I'm gonna crumble
I'm trying to stay humble
But I never think before I say
Sweet pea, keeper of my soul
I know, sometimes, I'm out of control
You're the only reason I keep on coming
You're the only reason I keep on coming, yeah
You're the only reason I keep on coming home"
"115" "farewell my sweet
well the time that was comin the road has begun to move beneath my feet
good things come to an end
well i hope through the pain, the heartache and strain we can still remain friends
somethin bout a southern girl
make me feel right
in a mississippi mornin
she's an angel in flight
in a blink of an eye
she'll be out of your sight
somethin bout a southern girl
your soft melody
well i swear that i heard from a lost mockingbird stuck up in a tree
we got a lot goin on
even though i'm not here please don't shed any tears for me dear when i'm gone
i never meant to leave you lonely, it was only in your mind
girl, i never meant to leave you lonely, it was only a matter of time"
"116" "comin from a long line of pain
my family suffered greatly for my gain
and i think a lot about
how my daddy died so i would not live with out
and his heart lives in my song
the melody comes and just as quickly the melody is gone
and I'm back alone far from home
now my mamma's on her own
i try to call and see her when i'm home
after all that she's been through
all the doctors say there ain't nothin we can do
and her heart lives in my song
the melody comes and just as quickly the melody is gone
and I'm back alone far from home
there's a bird outside my window who takes the song where he goes
and leaves it there
like a dead man's rockin chair
and tonight i'm feelin lost and
headin down the highway out to boston
i get the sense that i might lose it
i thank god tonight for the light i got in music
cause my heart lives in this song
the melody comes and just as quickly the melody is gone
I'm back alone far from home"
"117" "Sometimes I get the feelin' like I just ain't a damn bit of good
Sometimes I get the feelin' like a better man than me never would
Just then a chord is drawn
And all the pain there is gone
There are storms and
there's storms and there's storms
through the night
Oh the waves how they rage
and they crash deep inside
Oh and when the wind howls
and you feel you've lost sight
You'll be guided back home
by one lonely light
Lonely light
One lonely light
Sometimes I feel as if the wheels are put here
just to stay in place
Sometimes I feel that I could disappear into the air out of trace
Just then a chord is drawn
And all the pain there is gone
There are storms and there's stor
ms and there's storms through the night
Oh the waves how they rage
and they crash deep inside
Oh and when the wind howls
and you feel you've lost sight
You'll be guided back home
by one lonely light
Lonely light
Oh I'll sing for you
What more can I do
Oh I'll sing for you
There are storms and
there's storms and there's storms
through the night
Oh the waves how they rage
and they crash deep inside
Oh and when the wind howls
and you feel you've lost sight
You'll be guided back home
by one lonely light
Lonely light
One lonely light
One lonely light
One lonely light"
"118" "Lord have mercy
Lord have mercy
Lord have mercy, please
Oh, yeah
Woke up this morning and the sky was colored gray
I gotta do a little bit better than I did with myself yesterday
Gotta keep myself from falling so far behind
Oh keep getting myself on down the line
Alright
Lord have mercy
Lord have mercy on me
Lord have mercy, please
Cause we're running out of time
Saw my name on tombstone in a dream that I had
Oh you know I'm running round everyday tired of feeling so sad and bad
I gotta get myself a little closer to no return
Oh I know someday these bones are bound to burn, alright
Lord have mercy
Lord have mercy on me
Lord have mercy, please
Cause we're running out of time
Oh that train come
Full speed ahead
It's a rumbling down the track
Well I know that train ain't stopped before
And I know that train don't know how to turn back, so I I gotta do a little bit better than a once I did
Oh stop hiding behind my hat like I'm a little kid
Keep on pushing down the road and do a little bit better
Than once I done
Lord have mercy
Lord have mercy on me
Lord have mercy, please
Cause we're running out of time
Oh, everybody, everybody
We're running out of time
Oh everybody, everybody
We're running out of time
Oh yeah
Have mercy, have mercy
Yeah"
"119" "Well the sun come up and I'm feelin' so blown away
Don't know what I'll do to make it through another day
Cause I'm reaching past the breaking point again
And I'm beggin' you to put this to an end I want you to hurt me
Break me down I want you to hurt me
Let the pain lead me out
I don't want your mercy, tonight
I wanna see the devil in your eyes
Are you strong enough to watch me die
Late at night while I lie awake watching you so peacefully
Oh a fantasy of how you're gonna set me free
Cause this brutal truth is too true to deny
And I'm begging you to free the pain that locks me up inside
I want you to hurt me
Break me down
I want you to hurt me
Let the pain lead me out
I don't want your mercy, tonight
I want to feel the devil in your eyes
Are you strong enough to watch me die
I want you to hurt me
Break me down
I want you to hurt me
Let the pain lead me out
I don't want your mercy, tonight
I want to feel the devil in your eyes
Are you strong enough to watch me die"
"120" "Met her on a Tuesday
Went out on a Friday night
Said she was lookin' for a love affair
And I was lookin' for a getaway flight
So we packed up a bag
And hailed up a cab
And I grabbed my guitar because
It was the only thing that I had
Well I learned to travel lightly
Babe, livin' alone
Some say that it's the hard way, mama
But it's all that I've known
And if I move fast enough, hopefully
Oh the darkness can't catch up to me
Hey, Hey, Hey
So we headed off the mainland
With the beating of a drum
She turned and smiled and said, honey
Where you from?
I said I'm from all over
But I was born in the wind
She turned and smiled and said
You're goin' home again
Well I learned to travel lightly
Livin' alone
Some say that it's the hard way, mama
But it's all that I've known
And if I move fast enough, hopefully
Oh the darkness can't catch up to me
Hey, Hey, Hey
Oh I hear that train
A comin' around the bend
Oh in the morning I'll be
Runnin' away again
Runnin' away, runnin' away again
When she woke up in the morning
With the rising sun
In her heart she knew
I'd be gone
But I wrote her a letter
With the words to this song
She read it on the balcony
While the wind was strong
Well I learned to travel lightly
Cause I was born alone
Some say that it's the hard way, mama
But it's all that I've known
And if I move fast enough, hopefully
Oh the darkness won't catch up to me
Hey, Hey, Hey"
"121" "Darlin'
I've been waiting my whole life for you
And I'll be waiting
Till you come back through
You say you always needed
Oh you're sure to find
Someone to ease your worried mind
So just leave this behind
Honey,
You say that you gotta leave now forever
I have no choice but to say goodbye
Till you come back through"
"122" "When you cannot get to sleep at night
Taunted by that new daylight
When you just can't sleep before the morn
And you do not feel reborn
Wait up for me
Wait up for me
I'll be coming home
So you don't have to be alone
When you're lost out in this world
And you feel you've come undone
You ain't nobody's little girl
You ain't nobody's sacred son
Wait up for me
Wait up for me
I'll be coming home
So you don't have to be alone
Well I'm ragged too
Just like you
I might not show it
But I feel it inside
Well I'm ragged too
Lost and blue
Feeling like a little
Child
Lately I've been thinking of
All the losin' that I've done in love
The wind she steals my sweet caress
Please feel me in your emptiness
Wait up for me
Wait up for me
I'll be comin' home
So you don't have to be alone
Wait up for me
Wait up for me
I'll be comin home
So you don't have to be alone"
"123" "Baby in your loving eyes
Baby in your loving hands
Baby I can see right now
It's only you who understands
When there are no cures
My pain becomes yours
Sitting in this twilight
With a half-drawn shade
Don't wanna lose that light
Never wanna see it fade
I don't wanna lose you yet
I wanna see another summer sunset
With you
With you
Baby the sea gonna rise
Then the sea gonna fall
I just hope there's peace
Somewhere beyond this wall
I'm gonna keep you here with me
Wherever you go
Wherever you're gonna be
That's where I'm gonna go
I'll be
With You
With You
Baby in your lovin' eyes
Baby in your lovin' hands"
"124" "Should've let you walk away the first time
Instead of letting you walk back through my door
As if I needed any more pain
Oh I've been waiting up so long
I've been sleeping out so long in the rain
Rain been falling down
I've been stressing all the time
And I can't seem to find
A little piece of mind I guess I'll just vaporize
Everything that's inside
I guess I'll just vaporize
I, I, I
I guess I'll just vaporize
Everything that's inside
I'm gonna get
high, high, high, high, high, high
Now you want to talk about the hard times
And all the joy that you bring
Are you even listening
To the strain
Oh I've been waiting up so long
I've been sleeping out so long in the rain
Rain been pouring down
I've been stressing all the time
I can't seem to find
A little piece of mind
I guess I'll just vaporize
Everything that's inside
I guess I'll just vaporize
I, I, I
I guess I'll just vaporize
Everything that's inside
I'm gonna get
High, high, high, high, high, high
Ain't no use in the truth
When the lies are raw anyway
Ain't no use in the truth, you say
Ain't no use in the truth
When the lies are raw anyway
Ain't no use in the truth, you say
I guess I'll just vaporize
Everything that's inside
I'm gonna just vaporize
l, l, I
I'm gonna just vaporize
Everything that's inside
I'm gonna get
High, high, high, high, high, high"
"125" "Lost child only wants to find a place
where he can fit in and play
Rain cloud hovers all around
his head he's hidden away
Through all this pain
oh I can see these clouds just drifting away
Through all this pain
oh I can see these clouds just drifting away
A black rose grows in the city garden, hidden away
Despite not finding the proper sunlight, she finds a way
Through all this pain
oh I can see these clouds just drifting away
Through all this pain
oh I can see these clouds just drifting away, oh
Lost child hungry for a celebration, sits upon a stone
Left with only his imagination, still a party is thrown
Through all this pain oh I can see these clouds just drifting away
Through all this pain oh I can see there's gonna be a celebration day, oh"
"126" "Walkin' down Royal Street
A street singer symphony
Ain't been the hardest way
Ain't had the greatest day
Walkin past memories
And the pain that she gave to me
Don't you know I'm tryin to be the bigger man
I just wanna feel the spirit
I just wanna feel the spirit
I just wanna feel the spirit
Washin' over me
Me and Madame Laveau
Seen some people come and go
Seen a couple storm clouds pass
Seen a couple spells been cast
People trippin' down cobblestones
Marching bands and trombones
Everybody's out here waitin on the second line
And I'm just fine
I just wanna feel the spirit
I just wanna feel the spirit
I just wanna feel the spirit
Washin' over me
Storm clouds out up ahead
Singin' songs of praise to raise the dead
I got a heart that was born to be
Broken down and wild and free
Johnny came in on a train
With not a dollar to his name
Just an old guitar case
And the bruises on his pretty face
Walkin' down a railroad track
He aint never comin' back
Said mama I don't know if I'm every comin' home again
But until then
I just wanna feel the spirit
I just wanna feel the spirit
I just wanna feel the spirit
Washin over me"
"127" "Softer than the summer sun across my window
Oh she's lying there, as the violets will bloom
Round and round this carousel
I am underneath her spell
She's lying there silently
I'm patiently waiting
Wondering
If I can kiss her on her shoulder
It's just new love
It's just new love
I can smell last night's perfume
Like the sun up in the sky while the moon is still there
All these times to share
I can't wait to say good morning baby
What you wanna do today?
I can't wait to get you home
I'm gonna get you home, yeah
You alleviate my fears and my anxieties
You set my mind at ease, your sensitivities are free
Your sensibilities will see and I can't wait
I say too I can't baby
What you want to do today?
I can't wait to get you home, yeah
I'm gonna get you home, yeah"
"128" "Highways, clouds
Ain't no stopping, it's all I've gotten
As far as I've dropped in, as far as I've come
I'm from the badlands
Raised up by hard hands
You can't feel your face when
The wind makes you numb
Highways and clouds
Highways and clouds
We meet in the middle
With highways and clouds
Based Madonna
Do you wanna
Hop on my Honda
And get on the run
When you're rollin'
You lose all your schoolin'
It's all for fools man
That can't come undone
Highways and clouds
Highways and clouds
We meet in the middle
Highways and clouds
Highways and clouds
Highways and clouds
We'reall lost a little
In highways and clouds
Ain't no roadmap
We lost it at Flagstaff
It's too late to turn back
There's nothing to gain
So swallow me darkness
The cruel and the heartless
Will hold to our harness
And feed from our pain
Highways and clouds
Highways and clouds
We're all lost a little In highways and clouds
Highways and clouds
Highways and clouds
We meet in the middle
Of highways
And clouds"
"129" "I know it ain't been easy I know it ain't been good lately
All I'm askin' for you
Is just to be honest with me
She's writing on my walls
It's over
She's writing on my walls
We're through
She's writing on my walls
She ain't saying
Baby I'm not in love with you
Been a minute since we really connected
Got lost in the shuffle of our busy lives
I understand it happens
But I didn't think it would happen to us baby
She's writing on my walls
It's over
She's writing on my walls
We're through
She's writing on my walls
But she ain't saying
Baby I found someone new
My love's still here
After all these years
And all these tears
All these tears
Oh, after all these tears
Ain't nothing you can keep me away, baby stay
But I'm starting to think things ain't gonna work out
Baby it's okay
All you gotta do is say
The real way you're feeling about me
I'm a man
She's writing on my walls, it's over
She's writing on my walls
We're through
She's writing oh
But she ain't saying
Baby I'm not in love with you"
"130" "When I look into your clear blue eyes
I could cry, I could cry
When I think of what they've put you through
You know it tears me up inside
Left alone in your darkest night
By the one you trusted most
How come they expect you to
Be such a gracious host?
When you look upon that heart of shame
Now I have to face
All these accusations and questions that
Are aimed at your disgrace
Now you are left in the darkest night
By the ones you trust the most
But now just follow blind ambition
Like a promise of unknown costs
When I look into your clear blue eyes
I could cry, I could cry
When I think of what they put you through
You know it tears me up inside
You know it tears me up inside
You know it tears me up inside"
"131" "All my best days are behind me now
Photographs tell of my wedding vows.
And if you want heroes then I'd sail up to the stars
For all I got beneath my skin are tears and scars.
I walked in these shoes ten thousand miles,
Been through all sorts of bleating trials,
So if you want heroes then I'll tell you where to go
I'll sell you a map to thank the faces that you know
Oh but for now I'll just be at this all night show
Oh yes tonight I'll spend my lonely dollar slow.
Yes I've loved and lost and loved again
Happy ever afters never been
And if you want love than I suggest that you not wait
Cause I will know not what I've waited at heaven's gate
All my best days are behind me now
Still I find a way to live somehow."
"132" "Lately I
I've been heading for a breakdown
Every time I leave my house
Well, it feels just like a shake down
Between street sweepers and the pushers are the lawyers
Who may as well be butchered
Between the small timing hustlers who all
Seem to feed upon each other
Oh, God, why you been
Hanging out in that ol' violin
While I've been waiting for
ou
To pull me through?
Lately I
Every time I try to lie down
While my mind just lets away
I can't even close my eyes now
Between the big fish and ambition and the lovers
Using words as ammunition
Between the wood planks, I've been pacing endless
Impossible dream that I've been chasing
Oh, God, why you been
Hanging out in that ol' violin
While I've been waiting for you
To pull me through?
Oh, God
Oh, God
Oh, God, why you been
Hanging out in that ol' violin
While I've been waiting for you
To pull me through?
Oh, God
Oh, God
Oh, God"
"133" "Hey baby, it's all gravy
We all do what we got to do
Hey darling, I'm broken hearted
I've been crying but my crying is through
And I've learned a lot
I really learned a lot
Broken down on a bathroom floor
Yes, I've learned a lot
I really learned a lot
I hope you found what you are looking for
Spent a lot of time staring at the ceiling
Spent a lot of time talking to wall
Spent a lot of time chasing that old time feeling
Spent a lot of time waiting on your call
And I've learned a lot
I really learned a lot
Broken down on a bathroom floor
Yes, I've learned a lot
I really learned a lot
I hope you found what you are looking for
Oh and darling, the sun has been falling
Like the dust on some Midwestern plane
Oh and darling, instead of running
I think it might be time you sit down
And deal with the pain
Late at night I sit and listen to the freeway
Rolling like a river on a distant shore
Nobody told me that living was easy
I ain't living in fear anymore
And I've learned a lot
I really learned a lot
Broken down on my bathroom floor
Yes, I've learned a lot
I really learned a lot
I hope you found what you are looking for
Hope you found what you are looking for"
"134" "Well, to all my friends
That treated me so well
You know I'm headed out
To that mission bell
Gonna wash my soul
Gonna get it clean
Headed down the border road
Called the El Camino
Well, I've been a prince
You know I've been opposed
By a barb-wired fence
And a murder of crows
I'm leaving all I've loved
And all I've seen
Headed down the border road
Called the El Camino
Headed down the border road
Called the El Camino
Yeah, my hearts grown sick
I've got a shepherd's crook
As a walking stick
And I'm headed on
Yeah, my heart's grown blue
I've done wrong by you
I don't know what to do
And I'm moving on
Yeah, I'm moving on
One and one is two
And two and two is four
I'm walking back and forth
On your cracked-tile kitchen floor
With the orange juice
And the sun that shines
It really breaks my heart
Leaving you behind
It really breaks my heart
Leaving you behind
All my ships have sailed away
The price of this politic is
That there's plenty of time to pray
Plenty of time to waste away
Well, to all my friends
That I've loved the most
You know I'm headed out
To that other coast
Gonna wash my soul
Gonna get it clean
Headed down the border road
Called the El Camino
Headed down the border road
Called the El Camino"
"135" "Look up, child
The world is born
Shoe's untied
And your soles are worn
Windows are rolled down
Sun is setting high
Windows are rolled down
I'm fixing to die
Corn rows have companion feel
This rocky road and this steering wheel
Who do you call to ease your pain?
I hope for you to get through this rain
Windows are rolled down
Moon is hanging low
Windows are rolled down
Think it's time for me to go, hey
Is it what you dreamed it'd be?
Are you locked up in this fantasy?
Oh, this miles that have torn us apart
My new found faith and my broken heart
Windows are rolled down
Sun is rising high
Windows are rolled down
Feel that wind rushing by, hey
Windows are rolled down"
"136" "Shake off that towel baby
Come over here
I'm gonna leave you smiling woman
Leave you smiling from ear to ear, yeah
We're gonna shake from the middle
Of the clock on the wall
Not worrying about a thing at all
Except makin' love
We're gonna start in the kitchen
To the rug, to the chair
Not having a single care
Except makin' love
Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
It's been a hard week, mama
But now you're free, yeah
I'm gonna leave you leaving me
In a world of ecstasy, yeah
We're gonna shake from the middle
Of the clock on the wall
Not worrying about a thing at all
Except makin' love
We're gonna start in the kitchen
To the rug, to the chair
Not having a single care
Except makin' love
My lonely day
Seems so far away, yeah
I love you more than words can say
This is how I prove my love
We're gonna shake from the middle
Of the clock on the wall
Not worrying about a thing at all
Except makin' love
(This is how I share my love)
We're gonna start in the kitchen
To the rug, to the chair
Not having a single care
Except makin' love
(This is how I prove my love)
Mmmm"
"137" "I want to drink from your cup of sorrow
I wanna bathe in your holy blood
I want to sleep with the promise of tomorrow
I know tomorrow may never come
I'll send a prayer out across the ocean
To a man been forced out of his home
I'll send a prayer out across the ocean
So that he may not suffer there alone
I want to drink from your cup of sorrow
I wanna bathe in your holy blood
I want to sleep with the promise of tomorrow
I know tomorrow may never come
I want to sit at your table of wisdom
So that not one crumb shall go to waste
For if we keep down this pathway to destruction
Well, our children will suffer for our haste
I want to drink from your cup of sorrow
I want to bathe in your holy blood
I want to sleep with the promise of tomorrow
I know tomorrow may never come
I know tomorrow may never come
I know tomorrow may never come"
"138" "My heart is a flower
That blooms every hour
I believe in the power
Of love
Well in this lonesome meadow
Well it's soft as a pillow
Oh I pray that we'll go back
To love
I'm going to reach on up over that fear
And whenever I'm alone won't you please be near
I know that darkness before the dawn
Tomorrow's coming and yesterday's gone
I'm going to get my baby
Get up stream
Fall asleep in her arms
And drift away in a dream
Gonna go out walking in the morning light
Well I know that my tomorrow's gonna be alright
Gonna be alright
Well I never shall wither
Well of course I forgive her
Oh please Lord deliver me
To love
I'm going to reach on up over that fear
And whenever I'm alone won't you please be near
I know that darkness before the dawn
Tomorrow's coming and yesterday's gone
I'm going to get my baby
Get up stream
Fall asleep in her arms
And drift away in a dream
Gonna go out walking in the morning light
Well I know that my tomorrow's gonna be alright
Gonna be alright
Gonna be alright
Gonna be alright
Yeah
My heart is a flower
That blooms every hour
I believe in the power
I believe in the power
Of love, love, of love"
"139" "Oh Jesus can you help me now? (Jesus can't you help me now?)
Oh Jesus can you help me now? (Jesus will help me now?)
Oh Jesus can you help me now?
No I never felt so alone.
I 'member when I was wild and free,
Oh so wild and free,
Oh so wild and free,
Oh my heart was a skipping stone
But now the world has jaded me
Corrupted and defeated me
Oh no I never thought you hated me
But I've never felt so alone.
So Jesus can you help me now? (Jesus can help me now?)
Oh Jesus can you help me now? (Jesus can help me now?)
Oh Jesus can you help me now?
No I never felt so alone.
So alone."
"140" "Yes, I dug you in a bulletproof vest
'Cause you can't walk straight with a bullet in your chest
Another man down with a flag to fold
It takes a lot of lovin' comin' out of the cold
[Incomprehensible] never want to see you cry
And not the same can be said for his brand new bride
Inspired love with no hand to hold
It takes a lot of lovin' comin' out of the cold
It takes a lot of lovin' comin' out of the cold
Lookin' at the pictures upon the shelf
Feel I'm in a shadow, feeling sad
22 years, still you feel so old
It takes a lot of lovin' comin' out of the cold
It takes a lot of lovin' comin' out of the cold
It takes a lot of lovin' comin' out of the cold
It takes a lot of lovin' comin' out of the cold"
"141" "Hello again,
I know it's been a long time coming
You say you've been, out there a long time running
You used to be so beautiful
But you lost it somewhere along the way
You used to be so beautiful
But it's easier now to walk away
That wonder wall you're waiting for is now collapsing
Tell me more, but wait no no
Let me find out what you're asking for
You used to be, so beautiful
But you lost it somewhere along the way
You used to be so beautiful
And it's easier now to walk away
Away, away
Now you have everything that you have ever wanted
Oh it's so sad to see
When the hunter becomes the hunted
You used to be, so beautiful
But you lost it somewhere along the way
You used to be so beautiful
And I'm sorry now I don't have more to say"
"142" "One by one we watched them fall,
Like trees on the country side.
Yeah you stayed right with me babe,
The river was rolling tide
Oh you stay, stay with me
Oh you stay, stay with me.
All through it with broken bones
Oh how you watched them heal
No you never turned away
You were never afraid to feel
Oh you stay, stay with me
Oh you stay, stay with me.
Oh and when the morning comes
Just know darling,
I had to be moving on
Oh and when the winter comes
Oh and you can't decide
For your rabbit to run
Or your rabbit to hide
Stay, stay with me
Please stay, stay with me.
Will you stay, stay with me
Will you stay, stay with me
Will you stay,
Stay"
"143" "Well he used to be so peaceful
Used to be so serene
Well if it wasn't for us here
It would still be pristine
He'd have fires a burning down on empty cans
All of these tricksters and hucksters and scamps
Many days I've got my hands full
Tryin' to find out what's real
But a bunch of hungry eyes will
Turn you into a meal
Beware that smiling face beneath that ole street lamp
He's got those tricksters and hucksters and scamps
He cut a hole in the bucket
Watched that water follow down
Said if I'm gonna be a hero
Gonna have to make a mess out of this town
Well he waited for a while so
Everything would turn to rust
Waited for he slept next to a pistol
Set a price upon my trust
But he stole that election
Put his face on every stamp
On his council were tricksters, hucksters and scamps"
"144" ""
"145" "And no one says a word to me
They're concerned with my jealousy
Well, I guess that's how it's gotta be
From now on
And time, it swallows everything
From the mighty to the meager thing
And it's as dark as it is comforting
To play along
Well, what's been going on?
What's been going on?
What's been going on
Around here?
There goes her old beat up car
Outside of our old favorite bar
She's probably in there playing her guitar
With stars in her eyes
Those are some of my favorite memories
All those carefree melodies
While I'm out of here on this raging sea
About to capsize
Well, what's been going on?
What's been going on?
What's been going on
Around here?
What's been going on?
What's been going on?
What's been going on
Around here?
No one says a word to me
They're concerned with my jealousy
I guess that's how it's gotta be
From now on"
"146" "I aint no wide eyed rebel
Oh, but I aint no preachers son
And now I see the trouble and all the loving that Ive done
And the world aint no harder than its ever been
Looking for love in the lies of a lonely friend
So much superstition and so much worry in my heart
I need a new religion its time to make a brand new start
And the world aint no easier than its ever been
Looking for love in the lies of a lonely friend
Remember when we were in California
We were so much happier then
Now were back in New York City
Looking for love in the lies of a lonely friend
And now the clocks are running
And no one knows where time goes
You know the moon is stunning
Its only shadows that she shows
And the world aint no harder than its every been
Looking got for love in the lies of a lonely friend"
"147" "The darkness has always been,
The world was born into a blanket of sin,
When all the faith's been gone,
Still we found a reason to carry on,
[Chorus]
Through the worry, worry, worry,
Caught in an endless maze
Oh when the lights go out,
All I can think about,
Is how, we've seen better days
Oh lover lately I've been thinkin' I might leave you,
As you're surrounded by these fools who do deceive you,
Yes our past is wretched true,
But I'm still in love with you,
Thats why I am still refusin' to give in to
[Chorus]
Where do we go from here,
While we're all so consumed by fear,
Why I'm trying not to be suspicious of those I'm suspicious of,
I'm tryin' to crack-open this angry heart and find a little love,
[Chorus]
Oh when the lights go out,
All I can dream about,
Is how, we've seen better days"
"148" "Been kicked around so long you're starting to get used to how it feels
The taste of blood that's in your mouth that still somehow it always heals
Don't know how you keep on getting up from all those ghostly blows
And all that pain that lingers deep down in the darkness where it grows
I know how hard it is to keep your head up kid
To keep your head up kid
And there you sit on high all tucked away and locked up in the clouds
Waiting for someone to finally come along and take you out
Into this bitter world that also often treated you so cruel
When they turn away you know that they will say that you're a fool
I know how hard it is to keep your head up kid
I know how hard it is to keep your head up kid
And so patiently you waited for a love to come along
Take you out into this bitter world so often done you wrong
There you sit alone and there you shed a solitary tear
Listening to a song you think that no one else would ever hear
I know how hard it is to keep your head up kid
I know how hard it is to keep your head up
Keep your head up, keep your head up
Keep your head up, keep your head up"
"149" "The one I love is lost without the least bit of explanation
Just goes to show the futility of self-preservation
Now all I seem to see is all this war and goin' amongst our nation
What good will it do?
Now everybody wants to know the secrets to our salvation
Forever reading on and on from Genesis to Revelation
But never stopping for a second to examine the situation
After all that we've been through
And will it only end
When there's nothing left to defend?
Will we ever see, yeah
A common bond of humanity?
I get a landscape of famine and also of frustration
With children walking 'round without the proper means to education
And still up there on Capitol Hill they're passing all of this legislation
For jails and bombs
So anybody out there hear my prayer
Anybody out there hear my prayer
Anybody out there hear my prayer
We need all of you'll back and down here
We need all of you'll back and down here
We need all of you'll back and down here"
"150" "Well my woman, she showed up
With your number on her hand
Well I thought that I might call you up
So we could deal with this man to man
[Chorus]
You better tell me the truth son, yeah
Well he showed up down at the ballroom
Walking slow and acting strong
Well I said my friend I'll give you one last chance
To admit that you done me wrong
[Chorus: x2]
Now they got me here in the county
With his blood still on my face
Well the boys in blue they don't play no game
All the sheriff said to me was this
[Chorus: x2]
Now they got me here in the lock-down
For a crime I did commit
Well for my one call
I called the number on my girl's hand
To remind you not to forget
You should'a told me the truth son, yeah
You should'a told me the truth, son
You should'a tole me the truth, son
Oh
Make me beat it outta you
Make me beat it outta you
Make me beat it
Make me beat it
Make me beat it
Make me beat it out of you"
"151" "Hello
It's good to see you coming back again
It's been a long time
Since I sat with you, my friend
I'll lend an ear
It's not that so severe
Time has killed the pain
And dried up every tear
And now
I'm thinking 'bout what went down
All the heartache I laughed away
Just like a clown
And now sit around talking
Drink some wine
I'm really glad you stopped in
To spend some time
You sit around talking
Thinking 'bout the past
It's funny how it lingers
But nothings meant to last
And my ma
She'd like to say hello
But she's a little scared
That I can't let it go
So let on, ease back, brother
And let it slip away
I'm tired of hanging onto
The pains of yesterday
And once again
The money is so thick
It makes your heart go numb
It makes your mind get sick
So come on by, stay and talk about it
Drink some wine
I'm really glad you stopped in
Brother of mine
We'll sit around talking, drink some wine
And maybe by the morning
Everything is fine, everything is fine
Ease back, brother
Let this clear your mind
Come on by
And drink yourself a good time
Have some wine
And think about each other
Sister, am I fine?
Yes, I've been alright now
Take it lightly
Step on out the front door
I'll see you once some time"
"152" "He got a new mercy, a new grace
Street corner preacher with the angry face
He got 2 years off for good behavior
Back in the neighborhood working for the savior
That's two old ladies and a junkie now, now
He can see for sure that his work is cut out
Though he walks through the shadows he won't fear his neighbor
Back in the neighborhood working for the savior
Bau bau, put it on back
Ah put it in
Ah bau bau, put it ooh bop
Ah put it in
Ah bau bau, put it ooh bop
Ah put it in
Ah, bau bau, ya ya
Well, he understands the need for living it large
But it's hard to get a job with a felony charge
Now he's working in a hospital washing dishes
Walking through the fields of the lost inhibitions
There is death everywhere, the new benediction
To save the liver from awaking death is his conviction
The eyes of man, well he seeks no favor
Back in the neighborhood working for the savior
But there's a whole lotta trouble all around
Every night the same old siren sound
There's a whole lotta trouble all around
Children, soldiers in this battle ground
Ah put it in
Ah bau bau, put 'em bop
Ah put it in
Ah bau bau, put 'em bop
Ah put it in
A bau bau, ya ya
Well, a new sun and a second chance
He unbolts the door and hops over the fence
Young woman with a baby that her daddy gave her
Back in the neighborhood working for the savior
But all around the war rages on
Burnt out houses with the front door gone
Well, his faith is his fountain, his love is his labor
Back in the neighborhood working for the savior
Whoa, yeah, ahh
Bau, bau, put it on back
Ah put it in
Ah bau bau, put it ooh bop
Ah put it in
Ah bau bau, put it ooh bop
Ah put it in
Ah, bau bau, ya ya
He got a new mercy, a new grace
Street corner preacher with the angry face
He got 2 years off for good behavior
Back in the neighborhood working for the savior"
"153" "Been some time since the first night I saw you
Had some good, had some bad times since then
And through all of these moments that I've gotten to know you
I realized now that I wanna be a little bit more than your friend
And I wanna know if you wanna get together
Stay for a while, we can talk about it all
I wanna know 'cause this feeling won't let me go
Stood around, while you dated that old fool Marcus
Whole time I knew he wasn't no damn good for you, well
Yes, it's true sometimes I know that we can all be a little heartless
But tonight, all I wanna do is make sweet love to you
And I wanna know if you wanna get together
Stay for a while, we can talk about it all
I wanna know 'cause this feeling won't let me go
Well, all those wasted nights you spent
Well, just crying all those tears
Well, I want you to know, girl
I'm around, yeah, I'm here, alright, alright
I wanna know if you wanna get together
Stay for a while, we can talk about it all
I wanna know 'cause this feeling won't let me go
(Yeah, I wanna know)
I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know
(I wanna know, I wanna know, baby)
I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know
(Yeah)
I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know
(Oh, this feeling, no, it won't, no, it wont let me go)
I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know
(No, it won't, baby, it won't let me go)
I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know
I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know
(Yeah)"
"154" "Listen
Listen to them church bells ringing
Listen
Listen
You can hear them hounds calling off in the distance
If you listen
You can hear the engines stalling
You can hear the angels falling
And travel
You find men and women all have trouble
If you travel
You will that the poor are victims of the gun or gavel
If you travel
But be careful now
Be careful of all them folks out there who surround you
Be careful
Some of them really only want to ground you
They only want control
Tear you down to that hole
So be careful
Yeah
Listen
Listen to them church bells ringing
Listen
Listen
You can hear them hounds calling off in the distance
If you listen
You can hear the engines stalling
You can hear the angels falling"
"155" "Sally Jane, how did it end up this way
With our boxes packed and not one word to say?
The children play as your car pulled away
I didnt realize til then it was really goodbye
With your wheels on the gravel
I felt my heart strings unravel
As it started to rain, it started to rain
It started to rain, forty days, it started to rain
The neighbors came and they bought what remained
Of the life we built with loving, with laughter
And my heart started sinking cause I couldnt help thinking
Their fate would be the same, it started to rain
It started to rain, forty days, it started to rain
It started to rain, it started to rain"
"156" "Baby I want you, baby I want you
Baby I do
Darling I love you, darling I love you
Know that it's true
Don't leave me here out on my own
Don't you know how I hate to be alone
I just want to be a part of your home
Baby I want you, baby I want you
Baby I do
Darling I love you, darling I love you
Know that it's true
Don't leave me here out in the cold
Don't you know that it's your hand
I wanna hold
As these days fly past and unfold, hey"
"157" "Like a high stepping pony strutting and prancing
Ah she's so full of life
Sparkling with tiny red roses
Let there be music to please her
Let it be sunbright to light up her day
Let the moon light her night
And fill her with deep silent sleepiness
If I were a small bird so tiny
I'd hide in her hair just to be near her
To hear her sweet voice
And feel her sweet body beside me
And if I were a high lord with riches
I'd clothe her in satin from India's far highlands
I would shoe her in gold
Then invite her to sit at my table
Step out young lady a-dancing
To the sound of sweet music so gaily come singing
For your beauty so rare
Is as fresh as a sweet Sunday morning"
"158" ""
"159" ""
"160" "My old hen, she's a good ol' hen
She lays eggs for the railroad men
Sometimes eight and sometimes ten
That's enough for the railroad men
Chorus
Cluck ol' hen cluck when I tell you
Cluck ol' hen or I'm gonna sell you
Last time she cackled she cackled in the lot
Next time she cackles cackles in the pot
My old hen, she's a good ol' hen
She lays eggs for the railroad men
Sometimes one and sometimes two
Sometimes enough for the whole damn crew
Chorus
Cluck ol' hen cluck and sing
You ain't laid an egg since late last spring
Cluck ol' hen cluck and call
You ain't laid an egg since late last fall"
"161" "Put on your cloud stepping shoes, and dance
Shake off the lonely bad blues, take a chance
Seek out and find a green jade pool
Hide behind the moon
Don't let the judges sing your name
Remember from where you came
He rolls and tumbles and he laughs, when he speaks
And heaven's sweet wine brings a blush, to his cheeks
Who showed him the way to live forever
Longer than anyone
For he stole the petals from the dying sun
Fresh when the day was done
Now over the seas or the mountains, he calls
There must be a way I can stay, Lord immortal
Wanna go to heaven on my flying trapeze
Eat all the fruit I please
Wanna drink my fill of that heavenly wine
Till the judges call my time"
"162" "So early in the spring
A flower dances in my heart
Where love was not before
For you I sing my song of love
And lowly bow"
"163" ""
"164" ""
"165" "I'm a travelling man, a-moving
You name it I've been there
And night and day I strive to sell my wares
Got nothing I can show you
Nothing you can wear
But hang around a while and lend an ear
While travellin' on a freight-train
On the Rocky Island line
My young love said to me
My mother, she don't mind
And through twelve gates of the city
I came into my prime
I was singing songs of wild mountain thyme
Sing little birdie
From the greenwood side-o
Where the trees they do grow high
Come say hello
Summer is a-coming
And I'm standing on the shore
And where I'm bound
Oh Lord, I can't be sure
From the Arizona dustbowl
Out to Van Diemons land
To the North-West Passage snowbound
Where Lord Franklin made his stand
While high above I'm flying
With my guitar in my hand
Thinking about one tiny grain of sand
If anyone should ask me
If I be a rambling boy
The sporting life
I know I have enjoyed
Met a lady from Louisville
A-pleasing to my mind
She took my hand and said
Would you please be kind
And from the foggy dew I stumbled
Into a shady grove
Where the redbird sang his sweet song
He sang of careless love
And the bells of Rhymney rang out
And brought the people round
Saying welcome to your friendly travelling man
Welcome to your friendly travelling man"
"166" ""
"167" "It's one for Jo
Don't let your man go
He's a dreamer darling
He's even kind'a slow
I don't believe the tales he tells
But they're always nice to hear
He's a dreamer darling
Always keep him near
In a white tuxedo
He's remarkably cool
A prince of living
Who knows all the rules
In a black sedan so royally
He takes his love to school
And no-one can reproach him
No-one but a fool
He's a bold sea captain
In his boots and oilskin hat
Struggling blindly
Through seas wild and black
Down the river he glides
With his baby by his side
And when you think of that gal
How can your love hide
It's one for Jo
Don't let your man go
He's a dreamer darling
He's even kind'a slow
I don't believe the tales he tells
But they're always nice to hear
He's a dreamer darling
Always keep him near"
"168" "There comes a time babe when we've gotta go
Our time has been
Great up till now but we've gotta go love
Hit the road and start another show
One too many mornings we've been lazing
And one too many
Nights of foolin' round babe not caring
And not knowing how we're faring
We're living side by side babe not knowing
Where we are bound or
Where on earth love we are going
And our seed of love still growing
Comes the spring next year love we could be laughing
We could be riding high and
Free with the sun upon our backs, could be singing
And with the birds a-winging
Let us pack our things and leave tonight babe
Keep going till the
Road runs out and comes to an end babe
And hope that life turns out right"
"169" ""
"170" ""
"171" ""
"172" ""
"173" "Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always,
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday.
Now all you men's the same
But now I'm old enough to change my name.
Lord, that sun's gonna shine in my back door someday.
I'm gonna lay my head
On that lonesome railroad line
And let the 2:19 ease my troubled mind.
Trouble in mind, I'm blue,
But I won't be blue always.
Child, that wind's gonna come and blow my blues away"
"174" ""
"175" ""
"176" ""
"177" ""
"178" "I don't believe I've seen
A woman like you anywhere
And I must admit that I can't see
To making you into a dream
But if I had a magical wonder word
I'd send a dove to catch your love
And I send a blackbird to steal your heart
But a broken heart won't go
My endless search, little girl
I gonna fix a magical spell
To weave on you, little girl
I'll fall along that you catch the wind
Upon the orange to sweetest sin
Before this very moment evil in
I'd rather wait at the dark
Of thousand times, little girl
And take the woman until
The heart of my soul
And if I catch you sleeping along the west
And gave you alone my secret way
But I bind your heart unto me very slow
I don't believe I've seen
A woman like you anywhere
And I must admit that I can't see
To making you into a dream
And if I had a magical wonder word
I send a dove to catch your love
And I send a blackbird to steal your heart"
"179" ""
"180" "There were three brothers in merry Scotland
In merry Scotland there were three
And they did cast lots which of them should go
Should go, should go
And turn robber all on the salt sea
The lot it fell first upon Henry Martin
The youngest of all the three
That he should turn robber all on the salt sea
Salt sea, the salt sea
For to maintain his two brothers and he
They had not been sailing but a long winter's night
And a part of a short winter's day
When he espied a stout lofty ship
Lofty ship, lofty ship
Come bibbing down on him straight way
\"Hello, hello\", cried Henry Martin
What makes you sail so nigh?
I'm a rich merchant ship bound for fair London Town
London Town, London Town
Would you please for to let me pass by?
\"Oh no, oh no\", cried Henry Martin
This thing it never could be
For I have turned robber all on the salt sea
Salt sea, the salt sea.
For to maintain my two brothers and me
Come lower your tops'l and brail up your mizz'n
And bring your ship under my lee
Or I will give you a full cannon ball
Cannon ball, cannon ball
And all your dear bodies drown in the salt sea
Oh no, we won't lower our lofty topsail
Nor bring our ship under your lee
And you shan't take from us our rich merchant goods
Merchant goods, merchant goods
Nor point our bold guns to the sea
Then broadside and broadside and at it they went
For fully two hours or three
Till Henry Martin gave to them deathshot
The deathshot, the deathshot
And straight to the bottom went she
Bad news, bad news to old England came
Bad news to fair London Town
There's been a rich vessel and she's cast away
Cast away, cast away
And all of her merry men drowned"
"181" ""
"182" "Green are your eyes
In the morning, when you arise
Don't you be afraid to lie
By me, my love
Your father will not know
Love can be broken
Though no words are spoken
Don't you be afraid to lie
By me, my love
Your father will not know
Love be bold
We're not so old
Don't you be afraid to lie
By me, my love
Your father will not know
Love don't cry
I'll not try
Don't you be afraid to lie
By me, my love
Your father will not know"
"183" "When sadness fills your heart
And sorrow hides the longing to be free
When things go wrong each day
You fix your mind to 'scape your misery
Your troubled young life
Had made you turn
To a needle of death
How strange, your happy words
Have ceased to bring a smile from everyone
How tears have filled the eyes
Of friends that you once had walked among
Your troubled young life
Had made you turn
To a needle of death
One grain of pure white snow
Dissolved in blood spread quickly to your brain
In peace your mind withdraws
Your death so near your soul can't feel no pain
Your troubled young life
Had made you turn
To a needle of death
Your mother stands a'cryin'
While to the earth your body's slowly cast
Your father stands in silence
Caressing every young dream of the past
Your troubled young life
Had made you turn
To a needle of death
Through ages, man's desires
To free his mind, to release his very soul
Has proved to all who live
That death itself is freedom for evermore
And your troubled young life
Will make you turn
To a needle of death"
"184" ""
"185" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"186" "Runnin', runnin' from home
Breakin' ties that you'd grown
Catchin' dreams from the clouds
The city sounds burn your soul
Turn your head to the cries
Of loneliness in the night
Just like a fly when it's caught
The spider soon takes it's prey
Spins a dance round your heart
Give me your beauty and age
A pleasure pleasing my mind
Your heart will shatter and fall
Step on pavements so old
Cast a glance at the young
Girls a making their way
The passing image of you
Reflects a pain to my heart
And disappears in a crowd
Runnin', runnin' from home
Breakin' ties that you'd grown
Catchin' dreams from the clouds"
"187" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"188" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"189" "Freedom fighters speak with your tongues
Sing with the might of the wind
In your lungs, do you hear me now?
My mama told me, papa said it too
Son, the world's divided and you know
Your cause is true, do you hear me now?
Can you see those mushrooms seed and burst
Spreading through our valleys breeding hunger
Breeding thirst
Do you hear me now?
Snowing in the winter, blossoms in the spring
If they drop the bomb in the summertime
It don't mean a dog-gone thing
Do you hear me now?
Do you hear me now?
Freedom fighters speak with your tongues
Sing with the might of the wind
In your lungs, do you hear me now?
Do you hear me now?"
"190" ""
"191" "I have no time to spend with you
You talk of nothing, what can you do
You live like kings and you know it's true
That if famine crossed the waters that'll be the end of you
I've heard of people who till the earth
Who saw their seeds for all they're worth
Who cry for rain all summer long
And weep for the day when winter's passed and gone
If cherry trees bore fruit of gold
The birds would die, their wings would fold
They'd sing no more their song of love
Nor await the morning sun that lights the sky above
If war returns like it did before
A kiddy's penny would be no more
They'd cry for love and their candy too
But a kiddy's wants are nothing 'till killin' days are thru'"
"192" "Ask me why a rambler ain't got no home
Ask me why I sit and cry alone
I wish I knew
I wish I knew
If I knew, I'd know what to do
Day in day out seems I'm running all on my own
Day in day out there's weakness (a) growing in my bones
Whoa(d) it no use
No(t) it no use
My mind is dead, I got to turn my body loose
Wish mama you could hear the words that I cry
Wish mama now if only I could die
But my time is late
My time is late
I'm on my own and lord, I got it straight
No girl I've loved has ever held me down
No reason can I give for leaving this town
My love is true now
My love is true
But the road is long I got to see my journey through"
"193" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"194" "A troubled wind has chilled my heart
Killed our love right from the start
And visions of your face
Twist in my mind into knots of silken lace
A chance to win a hand so fair
Fades with night and a single prayer
Then a straw hat on her head
Brings morning dreams to alight upon my bed
If dead men swam the waters deep
Then fish would cry all in their sleep
My love, I can only try
To lift my hat from the depths as you walk by
Now banjos ring and fiddles play
A candle burns to light my way
And turning in my sleep
I dream again of your love, your love to keep"
"195" "Strolling down the highway
I'm gonna get there my way
Dusk till dawn I'm walkin'
Can hear my guitar rocking?
While I stroll on down
On down the highway
People think, I'm a crazing
The Lord above ain't lazing
The sunshine's all day long
[Incomprehensible] far too strong
While I stroll on down
On down the highway
While I stroll on down
On down the highway
The cars won't stop for no one
They don't think that you're just rolling down
They think you're an OAS spy
Gonna shoot them as they go by
No cars, they won't stop
Won't stop for no one
Strolling down the highway
And I'm gonna get there my way
Dusk till dawn I'm walkin'
Can hear my guitar rocking?
While I stroll on down
On down the highway"
"196" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"197" "Hey girl, oh how your love is strong
Weaves a tumble-in' tearless song
Tho' you don't seem to care that you love is blind
You don't seem to care not realize
Hey girl, oh how my heart is torn
Hey girl, now that your baby's born
What shall it cost? Is my freedom lost?
What is the price of nature's own way
Hey girl, how could I dress your child
When this life girl I'm livin' so wild?
Will your newborn child grow to be as wild?
And walk alone to meet his destiny?
Hey girl, see how I stand a man
Hey girl, see I've no father's hand
Would it be a crime to leave at such a time
When you've many claims to make on me?"
"198" "Please come back baby, please don't go
for the way I love you you'll never know.
So come back baby, let's talk it over, one more time.
For the way I love you, you know I do,
For the way you love me, baby,
You never know.
Come back, baby, let't talk it over,
One more time.
You know I love you, tell the world I do,
For the way I love you, baby,
You'll never know.
So come back, baby, let's talk it over,
One more time.
i got a woman
talks too much
love my baby
need her touch
come back
talk it over one more time"
"199" ""
"200" ""
"201" ""
"202" ""
"203" ""
"204" ""
"205" ""
"206" ""
"207" ""
"208" ""
"209" ""
"210" "I am wading deep waters trying to get home
Lord I am wading deep waters trying to get home
I am wading deep waters
Wading deep waters
Wading deep waters trying to get home
I am climbing high mountains trying to get home
Lord I am climbing high mountains trying to get home
Lore I am climbing high mountains
Climbing high mountains
Climbing high mounts trying to get home
Lord I am walking deep valleys trying to get home
Lord I am walking deep valleys trying to get home
Wading deep valleys
I am walking deep valleys trying to get home
I am wading deep waters trying to get home
Lord I am wading deep waters trying to get home
L:ord I am wading deep waters
Wading deep waters
Wading deep waters trying to get home"
"211" "Captain, Captain, tell me true does my sweet Willie sail with you?
No my dear, he isn't here for he is drowned in this ocean, dear
Answer me, oh give me joy for I love my soldier boy
Oh no, lady, he's not here. Dropped down dead in the gulf, my dear
Get me a chair to sit upon, and pen and ink, come write it down
On every line I will shed a tear: on every verse cry oh, my dear.
Captain, Captain, build me a boat, out on these waters I must float
Searching for my Willy dear, for he has drowned in this ocean dear"
"212" "Not many years their rounds shall roll
Each moment brings it nigh
And all your glories stand revealed
To our admiring eye
You wills of nature speed your course,
You mortal powers decay
Fast as you bring the night of death
You bring eternal day
You weary heavy-laden souls
Who are oppressed sore
You travelers through the wilderness
To Canaan's peaceful shore
Through beating winds and chilly rains,
And waters deep and cold
And enemies surrounding you
Have courage and be bold
The storms and hurricanes arise
The desert all around
And fiery serpents oft appear
Through the enchanted ground
Dark night and clouds and gloomy fear
And dragons often roar
But when the gospel trump we hear
We'll press for Canaan's shore"
"213" "She went into the graveyard with trouble on her mind.
She was lookin' for the man who make her crazy.
From her big brown coat she puller a silver knife.
As she held it in her hand, her heart was racing.
You're low down and dirty, and I love the way you do.
If I stay I'll never find my way back home.
Its been nine long years since you took my hand.
I'll never understand what made you do it,
And how you twisted up my soul, through me in a hole.
I didn't come this far to see you through it
You're low down and dirty, and I love the way you do.
If I stay I'll never find my way back home.
Babe, I'm sorry for you, but it's what I have to do.
You died that night beneath the leaves have fallen,
And the devil will stand by; smilin' bright, his pitchfork high.
A ghost from all these graves will come a callin'.
You're low down and dirty, and I love the way you do.
If I stay I'll never find my way back home.
So she stabbed him in the heart.
Her shinning blade it ripped apart
His skin and pierced thought the center,
And I lay my body down, through me on the ground,
And cover me so I can hide from my dominator.
You're low down and dirty,
So low down.
You're low down and dirty, and I love the way you do. (x3)
If I stay I'll never find my way back home,"
"214" "\"Good mornin', my darlin'\", I said from the door
My bags are all packed, you won't see me anymore
The room it was empty except for your clothes
And a picture of the forest through the dimly lit smoke
Did you sleep well, did you sleep fine?
Did you sleep much at all?
All night I heard two voices from out here in the hall
The first one was lonesome and the second one was clear
The first one was familiar as the second drew near
She walked to the window to expose the light
Her breath hung in silence like the fog in the night
The sun raised its head from behind the frost
She sat down by the stove with her long legs crossed
Did you sleep well, did you sleep fine?
Did you sleep much at all?
All night I heard two voices from out here in the hall
The first one was ancient but the second was a gun
The first one was laughin' before the second was done
She drew up her eyes and then turned my way
Her mouth it was movin' but the words tried to stay
Her posture was thin and her tears they were tall
Like the picture of the forest in the fire in the hall
Did you sleep well, did you sleep fine?
Did you sleep much at all?
All night I heard two voices from out here in the hall
The first it was singing and the second dressed in red
The first one was hungry and the second was well fed
My struggles were hard and my journey was long
My food was your beauty and my water your song
I returned for your voice and your precious melody
I heard them both but you sang not for me
Did you sleep well, did you sleep fine?
Did you sleep much at all?
All night I heard two voices from out here in the hall
The first was a flower and the second was a train
The first issued warning and the second brought the rain
Day is breaking, it's time for me to leave
Each breath I'm taking reminds me to grieve
You've proven false but another will be true
Walking tall in the darkness the whole night through
Will you sleep well, will you sleep fine?
Will you sleep much at all?
All night you'll hear two voices from out there in the hall
The first will be a mirror and the second one a dove
The first will be an echo and the second silent love
Will you sleep well, will you sleep fine?
Will you sleep much at all?
All night you'll hear two voices from out there in the hall
The first will be a mirror and the second one a dove
The first will be an echo and the second silent love"
"215" "Pharaoh, Pharaoh's army sure got
drownded, Pharaoh  Go down, go
down Izzup and lead your children,
go down  Mary, Mary sure was
Jesus' mother, Mary  Farewell,
Farewell children, I sure must leave
you, farewell."
"216" "Feeling sad and lonesome, I'll tell you the reason why,
Just last Monday morning my Dony said goodbye,
{refrain}
Oh, my love, oh, my love,
Oh, my love, tell her to come back home.
When we were married, bought her everything she'd need,
Got so awful greedy, wanted everything she'd see.
{refrain}
Coffee grows on white oak trees, the river flows with brandy,
The hillside's lined with ginger cakes, my Dony's sweet as candy.
{refrain}
I will ride the old grey horse, you may ride the roan,
If you see my Dony, tell her I'm sitting at home.
{refrain}"
"217" "\"Someone is absent,\" the shepherd said
As over my classbook he bent his head
\"For several Sundays absent too
So tell me teacher what did you do?\"
\"I didn't call as perhaps I should
I sent some cards but they did no good
I never heard and she never came
So I decided to drop her name\"
He answered gravely, \"The fault was mine
Hundred, no, there were ninety nine
One was lost and dark and cold
I sought that sheep that had left the fold
The path was stony and edged with thorns
My feet were wounded bruised and torn
I kept on searching not counting the cost
And overjoyed when I found the lost\""
"218" ""
"219" "Over yonder in the graveyard
Where the wild, wild flowers grow
There they laid my own true lover
She'd gone from me, forever more
Fairer than the sweetest flower
Restless as the wildest way
Pored in with love deep as a ocean
This is the girl that I did win
I left her there back in the mountain
To see the world riches to gain
Oh, when I returned no earthy treasure
Could ease this heart so filled with pain
They saw high above the mountain
Beneath that little mound of clay
The girl that I returned to marry
So stand a mound of flowers did lay"
"220" ""
"221" "Good mornin, my darlin, I said from the door
My bags are all packed, you wont see me anymore.
The room it was empty except for your clothes
And a picture of the forest through the dimly lit smoke
Did you sleep well?
Did you sleep fine?
Did you sleep much at all?
All night I heard two voices from out here in the hall
The first one was lonesome and the second one was clear
The first one was familiar as the second drew near
She walked to the window to expose the light
Her breath hung in silence like the fog in the night
The sun raised its head from behind the frost
She sat down by the stove with her long legs crossed
Did you sleep well?
Did you sleep fine?
Did you sleep much at all?
All night I heard two voices from out here in the hall
The first one was ancient but the second was a gun
The first one was laughin before the second was done
She drew up her eyes and then turned my way
Her mouth it was movin but the words tried to stay
Her posture was thin and her tears they were tall
Like the picture of the forest in the fire in the hall
Did you sleep well?
Did you sleep fine?
Did you sleep much at all?
All night I heard two voices from out here in the hall
The first it was singing and the second dressed in red
The first one was hungry and the second was well fed
My struggles were hard and my journey was long
My food was your beauty and my water your song
I returned for your voice and your precious melody
I heard them both but you sang not for me
Did you sleep well?
Did you sleep fine?
Did you sleep much at all?
All night I heard two voices from out here in the hall
The first was a flower and the second was a train
The first issued warning and the second brought the rain
Day is breaking, its time for me to leave
Each breath I'm taking reminds me to grieve
You've proven false but another will be true
Walking tall in the darkness the whole night through
Will you sleep well?
Will you sleep fine?
Will you sleep much at all?
All night you'll hear two voices from out there in the hall
The first will be a mirror and the second one a dove
The first will be an echo and the second silent love
Will you sleep well?
Will you sleep fine?
Will you sleep much at all?
All night you'll hear two voices from out there in the hall
The first will be a mirror and the second one a dove
The first will be an echo and the second silent love"
"222" "Oh my darling
Lay yourself down
Ill tell you a sad sad tale of the love that I hadnt found
Till you whispered to me your sweet sound
Oh my lady
Put your hand in mine
Ill pull you in to me for a dance that has no time
To a song that doesnt rhyme
All I can give you is this pool Im in
And I forgive you if you find that you cannot swim
Stop me from thinking of what I once knew
Save me from sinking in the river of your eyes so blue
Sit down beside me
Sing to me a song
Play me a fiddle tune and forget about what we did wrong
How we stayed away too long
Draw me a picture of a lonesome turtle dove
Write me a line of verse that was sent from heaven above
And youll win back my love"
"223" "When first I came to Louisville
Some pleasure there to find
A damsel there from Lexington
Was pleasing to my mind
Her rosy cheeks
Her ruby lips
Like arrows pierced my breast
The name she bore was Flora
The Lily of the West
I came to my love Flora
Some pleasure there to find
She turned in to another man
Which sort of stressed my mind
She robbed me of my loyalty
Deprived me of my rest
I loved my faithless Flora
The Lily of the West
Now down in yonder shady grove
The man who was to come
Conversing with my Flora there
It seemed so strange to me
And the answer that she gave to him
It sort of me oppressed
I was betrayed by Flora
The Lily of the West
I stepped up to my rival
My dagger in my hand
I seized him by the collar
And I boldly made him stand
We met in desperation
I pierced him in the breast
I killed the man for Flora
The Lily of the West"
"224" "I'm not apologizing
For anything we do tonight
Just wanna dance with somebody
Who's looking to lose his mind
Mind and heart
Tied up in conversation
There's no time
No time for hesitation
Can we be untouchable tonight?
Baby, if we burn the city down
We'll blame it on love, blame it on love
Even if we break all limits now
We'll blame it on love, blame it on love
So when the smoke is rising
Taking us back to who we were
Keeping the flame from dying
'Cause we wanna do it all again
You and I
Give in to human nature
There's no time
No time for hesitation
Can we be untouchable tonight?
Baby, if we burn the city down
We'll blame it on love, blame it on love
Even if we break all limits now
We'll blame it on love, blame it on love
[x2]
I'm not apologizing
For anything we do tonight"
"225" "Farewell to the groves of shillelagh and the shamrock
Farewell to the girls of old Ireland all 'round
And may their hearts be as merry as ever they could wish for
As far away o'er the ocean I'm bound
My father is old and my mother's right feeble
To leave their own country, it would grieve their heart sore
Oh, the tears down their cheeks, in great floods they are rolling
To think that I must die upon some far and foreign shore
But what matter to me, where my bones they may lie buried
If in peace and contentment I can spend my life
The green fields of Amerikay, they daily are calling
It's there I'll find an end to my misery and strife
So pack up your sea stores now, consider it no longer
Ten dollars a week isn't very bad pay
With no taxes or tithe there to devour up your wages
Across on the green fields of Amerikay
The lint dams are gone and the looms are lying idle
Gone are the winders of baskets and creels
And away o'er the ocean, go journeyman cowboys
And fiddlers who play out the old mountain reels
Ah, but I mind the time when old Ireland was flourishing
And most of her tradesmen did work for good pay
Ah, but since our manufacturers have crossed the Atlantic
Well, it's now that I must follow onto Amerikay
And now to conclude and to finish my ditty
If e'er a friendless Irishman should happen my way
With the best in the house, I will greet him and welcome him
At home on the green fields of Amerikay
So pack up your sea stores now, consider it no longer
Ten dollars a week isn't very bad pay
With no taxes or tithe there to devour up your wages
Across on the green fields of Amerikay"
"226" ""
"227" ""
"228" ""
"229" ""
"230" ""
"231" ""
"232" ""
"233" "Down in the willow garden
Where me and my true love did meet,
It was there we were courtin',
My love fell off to sleep.
I had a bottle of burgundy wine,
My true love she did not know.
It was there I murdered that dear little girl
Down on the banks below.
I drew my saber through her,
It was a bloody night,
I threw her into the river,
It was an awful sight.
My father often told me
That money would set me free
If I would murder that poor little girl
Whose name was Rose Connelly.
Now he stands at his cabin door,
Wiping his tears from his eyes,
Gazing on his own dear son,
Upon the scaffold high.
My race is run beneath the sun,
The devil is waiting for me,
For I did murder that dear little girl
Whose name was Rose Connelly."
"234" ""
"235" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"236" "Near to Banbridge Town, in the County DownOne morning in July,Down a boreen green came a sweet colleen,And she smiled as she passed me by;Oh, she looked so neat from her two white feetTo the sheen of her nut-brown hair,Sure the coaxing elf, I'd to shake myselfTo make sure I was standing there
CHORUS: Oh, from Bantry Bay up to Derry Quay,And from Galway to Dublin town,No maid I've seen like the brown colleenThat I met in the County Down.
As she onward sped I shook my headAnd I gazed with a feeling quare,And I said, says I, to a passer-by,\"Who's the maid with the nut-brown hair?\"Oh, he smiled at me, and with pride says he,\"That's the gem of Ireland's crown,She's young Rosie McCann from the banks of the Bann,She's the Star of the County Down.\"
I've travelled a bit, but never was hitSince my roving career began;But fair and square I surrendered thereTo the charms of young Rose McCann.I'd a heart to let and no tenant yetDid I meet with in shawl or gown,But in she went and I asked no rentFrom the Star of the County Down.
At the crossroads fair I'll be surely thereAnd I'll dress in my Sunday clothesAnd I'll try sheep's eyes, and deludhering liesOn the heart of the nut-brown Rose.No pipe I'll smoke, no horse I'll yokeThough with rust my plow turns brown,Till a smiling bride by my own firesideSits the Star of the County Down."
"237" ""
"238" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"239" "Farewell to the groves of shillelagh and the shamrock
Farewell to the girls of old Ireland all 'round
And may their hearts be as merry as ever they could wish for
As far away o'er the ocean I'm bound
My father is old and my mother's right feeble
To leave their own country, it would grieve their heart sore
Oh, the tears down their cheeks, in great floods they are rolling
To think that I must die upon some far and foreign shore
But what matter to me, where my bones they may lie buried
If in peace and contentment I can spend my life
The green fields of Amerikay, they daily are calling
It's there I'll find an end to my misery and strife
So pack up your sea stores now, consider it no longer
Ten dollars a week isn't very bad pay
With no taxes or tithe there to devour up your wages
Across on the green fields of Amerikay
The lint dams are gone and the looms are lying idle
Gone are the winders of baskets and creels
And away o'er the ocean, go journeyman cowboys
And fiddlers who play out the old mountain reels
Ah, but I mind the time when old Ireland was flourishing
And most of her tradesmen did work for good pay
Ah, but since our manufacturers have crossed the Atlantic
Well, it's now that I must follow onto Amerikay
And now to conclude and to finish my ditty
If e'er a friendless Irishman should happen my way
With the best in the house, I will greet him and welcome him
At home on the green fields of Amerikay
So pack up your sea stores now, consider it no longer
Ten dollars a week isn't very bad pay
With no taxes or tithe there to devour up your wages
Across on the green fields of Amerikay"
"240" ""
"241" ""
"242" ""
"243" ""
"244" ""
"245" ""
"246" ""
"247" "Oh, won't you stay
Stay a while with your own ones?
Don't ever stray
Stray so far from your own ones
'Cause the world is so cold
Don't care nothing for your soul
That you share with your own ones
Don't rush away
Rush away from your own ones
Just one more day
One more day with your own ones
'Cause the world is so cold
Don't care nothing 'bout your soul
That you share with your own ones
There's a stranger
And he's standing at your door
Might be your best friend, might be your brother
You may never know
I'm going back
Going back to my own ones
Come back to talk
Talk a while with my own ones
'Cause the world is so cold
Don't care nothing 'bout your soul
You share with your own ones
Oh, won't you stay
One more day with your own ones?
Don't rush away
Rush away from your own ones
This old world is so cold
Don't care nothing for your soul
You share with your own ones"
"248" ""
"249" "By sen clrach mac domhnaill
Seal da rabhas I'm' mhaighdean shimh,
's anois I'm' bhaintreach chaite thrith,
Mo chile ag treabhadh na dtonn go tran
De bharr na gcnoc is I n-imigcin.
's mo laoch, mo ghile mear,
's mo chaesar, ghile mear,
Suan n san n bhfuaireas fin
 chuaigh I gcin mo ghile mear.
Bmse buan are buaidhirt gach l,
Ag caoi go cruaidh 's ag tuar na nder
Mar scaoileadh uaim an buachaill be
's n romhtar tuairisc uaidh, mo bhrn.
N labhrann cuach go suairc are nin
Is nl guth gadhair I gcoillte cn,
N maidin shamhraidh I gcleanntaibh ceoigh
 d'imthigh uaim an buachaill be.
Marcach uasal uaibhreach g,
Gas gan gruaim is suairce sndh,
Glac is luaimneach, luath I ngleo
Ag teascadh an tslua 's ag tuargain treon.
Seinntear stair are chlairsigh cheoil
's lontair tinte crt are bord
Le hinntinn ard gan chaim, gan che
Chun saoghal is slinte d' fhaghil dom lemhan.
Ghile mear 'sa seal faoi chumha,
's eire go lir faoi chlcaibh dubha;
Suan n san n bhfuaireas fin
 luaidh I gcin mo ghile mear.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A literal translation by j. mark sugars 1997
Once I was a gentle maiden,
But now I am a spent, worn-out widow,
My consort strongly plowing the waves
Over the hills and far away.
He is my hero, my gallant darling,
He is my caesar, a gallant darling;
I've found neither rest nor fortune
Since my gallant darling went far away.
Every day I am constantly enduring grief,
Weeping nitterly and shedding tears,
Because my lively lad has left me
And no news is told of him - alas!
The cuckoo does not sing cheerfully at noon
And the sound of hounds is not heard in nut-tree woods
Nor summer morning in misty glen
Since my lively boy went away from me.
Noble, proud young horseman,
Youth without gloom, of pleasant countenance,
A swift-moving fist, nimble in a fight,
Slaying the enemy and smiting the strong.
Let a strain be played on musical harps,
And let many quarts be filled on the table,
With high spirit, without fault, without gloom,
That my lion may receive long life and health.
Gallant darling for a while under sorrow,
And ireland completely under black cloacks,
I have found neither rest nor fortune
Since my gallant darling went far away"
"250" "If it hadn't been for cotton-eye Joe
I'd been married long time ago
Where did you come from. Where did you go?
Where did you come from cotton-eye Joe?
If it hadn't been for cotton-eye Joe
I'd been married long time ago
Where did you come from. Where did you go?
Where did you come from cotton-eye Joe?
If it hadn't been for cotton-eye Joe
I'd been married long time ago
Where did you come from. Where did you go?
Where did you come from cotton-eye Joe?
If it hadn't been for cotton-eye Joe
I'd been married long time ago
Where did you come from. Where did you go?
Where did you come from cotton-eye Joe?
If it hadn't been for cotton-eye Joe
I'd been married long time ago
Where did you come from. Where did you go?
Where did you come from cotton-eye Joe?
If it hadn't been for cotton-eye Joe
I'd been married long time ago
Where did you come from. Where did you go?
Where did you come from cotton-eye Joe?
Whoo!
Yee~haw
If it hadn't been for cotton-eye Joe
I'd been married long time ago
Where did you come from. Where did you go?
Where did you come from cotton-eye Joe?
If it hadn't been for cotton-eye Joe
I'd been married long time ago
Where did you come from. Where did you go?
Where did you come from cotton-eye Joe?
Get out your fiddle. Rosin up your bow.
Play an old tune called cotton-eye Joe.
Where did you come from. Where did you go?
Where did you come from cotton-eye Joe?
Whooo!"
"251" ""
"252" ""
"253" "Old pirates, yes, they rob I
Sold I to the merchant ships
Minutes after they took I
From the bottomless pit
Won't you help to sing
These songs of freedom
'Cause all I ever have
Redemption song
Redemtion songs
Old pirates, yes, they rob I
Sold I to the merchant ships
Minutes after they took I
From the bottomless pit
But my hand was made strong
By the hand of the Almighty
We forward in this generation
Triumphantly
Won't you help to sing
These songs of freedom
'Cause all I ever have
Redemption songs
Redemption songs
Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery
None but ourselves can free our minds
Have no fear for atomic energy
'Cause none of them can stop the time
How long shall they kill our prophets
While we stand aside and look
Some say it's just a part of it
We've got to fulfill the book
Won't you help to sing
Another song of freedom
'Cause all I ever have
Redemption songs
Redemption songs
And other songs of freedom
'Cause all I ever have
Redemption songs
Redemption songs
Redemption songs"
"254" "I know my love by his way of walking
And I know my love by his way of talking
And I know my love dressed in a suit of blue
And if my love leaves me what will I do...
And still she cried, \"I love him the best
And a troubled mind sure can know no rest\"
And still she cried, \"Bonny boys are few
And if my love leaves me what will I do\"
There is a dance house in Maradyke
And there my true love goes every night
He takes a strange girl upon his knee
Well now don't you think that that vexes me?
And still she cried, \"I love him the best
And a troubled mind sure can know no rest\"
And still she cried, \"Bonny boys are few
And if my love leaves me what will I do\"
If my love knew I can wash and wring
If my love knew I can sew and spin
I'd make a coat of the finest kind
But the want of money sure leaves me behind
And still she cried, \"I love him the best
And a troubled mind sure can know no rest\"
And still she cried, \"Bonny boys are few
And if my love leaves me what will I do\"
I know my love is an arrant rover
I know he'll wander the wild world over
In dear old Ireland he'll no longer tarry
An American girl he's sure to marry
And still she cried, \"I love him the best
And a troubled mind sure can know no rest\"
And still she cried, \"Bonny boys are few
And if my love leaves me what will I do\"
And still she cried, \"I love him the best
And a troubled mind sure can know no rest\"
And still she cried, \"Bonny boys are few
And if my love leaves me what will I do\"
What will I do..."
"255" "Morning has broken
Like the first morning
Blackbird has spoken
Like the first bird
Praise for the singing
Praise for the morning
Praise for them springing
Fresh from the world
Sweet, the rain's new fall
Sunlit from heaven
Like the first dew fall
On the first grass
Praise for the sweetness
Of the wet garden
Sprung in completeness
Where His feet pass
Mine is the sunlight
Mine is the morning
Born of the one light
Eden say play
Praise with elation
Praise every morning
God's recreation of the new day
Morning has broken
Like the first morning
Blackbird has spoken
Like the first bird
Praise for the singing
Praise for the morning
Praise for them springing
Fresh from the world"
"256" "I was an unmarried girl
I'd just turned twenty-seven
When they sent me to the sisters
For the way men looked at me
Branded as a Jezebel
I knew I was not bound for Heaven
I'd be cast in shame
Into the Magdalene laundries
Most girls come here pregnant
Some by their own fathers
Bridget got that belly by her parish priest
We're trying to get things white as snow
All of us woe-begotten-daughters
In the streaming stains
Of the Magdalene laundries
Prostitutes and destitutes
And temptresses like me
Fallen women
Sentenced into dreamless drudgery
Why do they call this heartless place
Our Lady of Charity?
Oh charity!
These bloodless brides of Jesus
If they had just once glimpsed their groom
Then they'd know, and they'd drop the stones
Concealed behind their rosaries
They wilt the grass they walk upon
They leech the light out of a room
They'd like to drive us down the drain
At the Magdalene laundries"
"257" "Kind friends and companions, come join me in rhyme
Come lift up your voices in chorus with mine
Come lift up your voices, all grief to refrain
For we may or might never all meet here again
So here's a health to the company and one to my lass
Let's drink and be merry all out of one glass
Let's drink and be merry, all grief to refrain
For we may or might never all meet here again
Here's a health to the wee lass that I love so well
For style and for beauty there's none can excel
There's a smile on her countenance as she sits upon my knee
There is no man in this wide world as happy as me
So here's a health to the company and one to my lass
Let's drink and be merry all out of one glass
Let's drink and be merry, all grief to refrain
For we may or might never all meet here again
Our ship lies at anchor, she is ready to dock
I wish her safe landing without any shock
And if ever I should meet you by land or by sea
I will always remember your kindness to me
So here's a health to the company and one to my lass
Let's drink and be merry all out of one glass
Let's drink and be merry, all grief to refrain
For we may or might never all meet here again"
"258" "If on every ocean the ship is a throne
And for each mast cut down another sapling is grown
Then I could believe that I`m bound to find
A better life than I left behind
But as you ascend the ladder
Look out below where you tread
For the colors bled as they overflowed
Red, white and blue
Green, white and gold
So I had to leave from my country of birth
As for each child grown tall
Another lies in the earth
And for every rail we laid in the loam
There`s a thousand miles of the long journey home
But as you ascend the ladder
Look out below where you tread
For the colors bled as they overflowed
Red, white and blue
Green, white and gold"
"259" "Oh Shenandoah
It's far I wander
Away you rolling river
Oh Shenandoah
It's far I wander
Away, I'm bound to roam
'Cross the wide Missouri
Shenandoah
Though I love your daughters
Away you rolling river
Oh Shenandoah
I love your daughter
And I know I'm going away
'Cross the wide, wide Missouri
Oh Shenandoah
I long to see you
Away you rolling river
Oh Shenandoah
I long to see you
And I'm bound, oh, I'm bound to
Cross the wide, wide Missouri
Shenandoah
Oh, I love you, darling
Away you rolling river
Oh Shenandoah
I love your daughter
But when I'm bound to go
'Cross the wide Missouri"
"260" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"261" "I wish, I wish, I wish in vain,
I wish I were a maid again.
But a maid again I can never be
Until apples grow on an ivy tree.
For love it is pleasin' and love is teasin'
And love is a treasure when first it's new.
But as love grows older, then love grows colder
And it fades away like the morning dew.
There is a little house into town
And there my love, he sits him down.
He takes a strange girl on his knee
And he tells her things that he wants to be.
For love and water make younger older
And love and whiskey make her old and grey.
And what cannot be cured, love, must be endured, love,
And now I am bound for America.
La la la la la la ...
La la la la la la ...
As life grows older sure love grows older
And it fades away like the morning dew."
"262" "Here we are we've come to call with pipes and flutes and fiddles and all
In case of death we've even brought a keener,
So, if you're glum and feeling down just feel like us
And act the clown and soon there'll be a change in your demeanour.
(lilting)
I put me money on a horse today for with the race he'd run away
Or so a friend that's in the know he told me,
Twenty lengths ahead at most, he proundly cantered pass the post
But, woe was me, he lost the bloomin' jockey!
(lilting, followed by verse-long fiddle and whistle break)
Now of all the places I have seen from China to the Caribbean,
Are all across the goat compared to Ireland,
From Bally Castle to Tralie the Corup to the Liffy
There's no where else on earth but like this island.
(lilting, followed by short piano break)
In Hollywood I long to be, no, not the place across the sea,
But in county Wickloe Ireland's lovely garden.
Where no pretenders will you find but decent people warm and kind,
And flocks of friendly sheep into the bargain."
"263" "My own love said to me
\"My mother won't mind.
And my daughters won't slight you
For your lack of kind\".
He went away from me
And this he did say
\"It will not be long, Love,
Till our wedding day\"
He went away from me
And he moved through the fair
And slowly I watched him
Move here and move there
He went his way homeward
With one star awake
As this swan in the evening
Moves over the lake
I dreamed last night
That my own love came in
He came in so sweetly
His feet made no din
He came close beside me
And this he did say
\"It will not be long Love
Till our wedding day\"
It will not be long love
Long love
Long love
Love"
"264" "When first I came to Ireland some pleasure for to find
It's there I spied a damsel fair, 'twas pleasing to my mind
Her rosy cheeks and sparklin' eyes like arrows pierced my breast
And I call her lovely Molly O', the lily of the west
One day as I was walkin' down by a shady grove
I spied a lord of high degree conversing with my love
She sang her song delightfully while I was sore oppressed
Saying I've been a dupe [I bid adieu?] to Molly O', the lily of the west
Well, I stepped up with my rapier and my dagger in my hand
And I dragged him from my false love and boldly I bid him stand
But being mad with desperation I swore I'd pierce his breast
I was then deceived by Molly O', the lily of the west
A flaw was in my indictment found and that soon had me free
That beauty bright I did adore, the judge did her address
Now go, you faithless Molly O', the lily of the west
Now that I've gained my liberty a-rowin' I will go
I ramble through old Ireland and travel Scotland o'er
Though she thought to swear my life away she still disturbs my rest,
I still must style her, Molly O', the lily of the west."
"265" "I was down the glen one Easter morn
To a city fair rode I
There armed lines of marching men
In squadrons passed me by
No pipe did hum, no battle drum did sound it's loud tattoo
But the Angelus Bells o'er the Liffey swells rang out in the foggy dew
Right proudly high in Dublin town
Hung they out a flag of war
'Twas better to die 'neath that Irish sky
Than at Sulva or Sud el Bar
And from the plains of Royal Meath
Strong men came hurrying through
While Brittania's huns with their long range guns
Sailed in through the foggy dew
Their bravest fell and the requiem bell
Rang mournfully and clear
For those who died that Eastertide in the
Springing of the year
While the world did gaze with deep amaze
At those fearless men but few
Who bore the fight that freedom's light
Might shine through the foggy dew
And back through the glen
I rode again
And my heart with grief was sore
For I parted then with valiant men
Whom I never shall see n'more
But to and fro in my dreams I go
And I kneel and pray for you
For slavery fled oh glorious dead
When you fell in the foggy dew"
"266" "Have I told you lately that I love you?
Have I told you there's no one above you?
Fill my heart with gladness, take away my sadness
Ease my troubles that's what you do
Oh, the morning sun in all it's glory
Greets the day with hope and comfort too
And you fill my life with laughter, you can make it better
Ease my troubles that's what you do
There's a love that's divine
And it's yours and it's mine
Like the sun at the end of the day
We should give thanks and pray to the One
Say, have I told you lately that I love you?
Have I told you there's no one above you?
Fill my heart with gladness, take away my sadness
Ease my troubles that's what you do
Well, there's a love that's divine
And it's yours and it's mine
And it shines like the sun
At the end of the day
We will give thanks
And pray to the One
Have I told you lately that I love you?
Have I told you there's no one above you
Fill my heart with gladness, take away my sadness
Ease my troubles, that's what you do
Take away my sadness
Fill my life with gladness
Ease my troubles that's what you do
Fill my life with gladness
Take away my sadness
Ease my troubles that's what you do"
"267" ""
"268" "Far away across the ocean
Underneath an Indian star
Dwells a dark eyed lonely maiden
On the coast of Malabar
In the harbor, where we anchored
I can see her shy and sweet
With a bunch of wine-red roses
And the wild waves at her feet
Oh fare thee well, my little dark eyed queen
Fare thee well, my Indian star
In my heart you'll live forever
On the coast of Malabar
\"Come to me\", I hear her calling
Across the ocean, wild and far
\"Come to me again and love me
On the coast of Malabar\"
And my thoughts keep ever turning
To that far-off distant shore
And the dark eyed girl who loved me
But I'll see her never more
Oh fare thee well, my little dark eyed queen
Fare thee well, my Indian star
In my heart you'll live forever
On the coast of Malabar"
"269" "By sen clrach mac domhnaill
Seal da rabhas I'm' mhaighdean shimh,
's anois I'm' bhaintreach chaite thrith,
Mo chile ag treabhadh na dtonn go tran
De bharr na gcnoc is I n-imigcin.
's mo laoch, mo ghile mear,
's mo chaesar, ghile mear,
Suan n san n bhfuaireas fin
 chuaigh I gcin mo ghile mear.
Bmse buan are buaidhirt gach l,
Ag caoi go cruaidh 's ag tuar na nder
Mar scaoileadh uaim an buachaill be
's n romhtar tuairisc uaidh, mo bhrn.
N labhrann cuach go suairc are nin
Is nl guth gadhair I gcoillte cn,
N maidin shamhraidh I gcleanntaibh ceoigh
 d'imthigh uaim an buachaill be.
Marcach uasal uaibhreach g,
Gas gan gruaim is suairce sndh,
Glac is luaimneach, luath I ngleo
Ag teascadh an tslua 's ag tuargain treon.
Seinntear stair are chlairsigh cheoil
's lontair tinte crt are bord
Le hinntinn ard gan chaim, gan che
Chun saoghal is slinte d' fhaghil dom lemhan.
Ghile mear 'sa seal faoi chumha,
's eire go lir faoi chlcaibh dubha;
Suan n san n bhfuaireas fin
 luaidh I gcin mo ghile mear.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A literal translation by j. mark sugars 1997
Once I was a gentle maiden,
But now I am a spent, worn-out widow,
My consort strongly plowing the waves
Over the hills and far away.
He is my hero, my gallant darling,
He is my caesar, a gallant darling;
I've found neither rest nor fortune
Since my gallant darling went far away.
Every day I am constantly enduring grief,
Weeping nitterly and shedding tears,
Because my lively lad has left me
And no news is told of him - alas!
The cuckoo does not sing cheerfully at noon
And the sound of hounds is not heard in nut-tree woods
Nor summer morning in misty glen
Since my lively boy went away from me.
Noble, proud young horseman,
Youth without gloom, of pleasant countenance,
A swift-moving fist, nimble in a fight,
Slaying the enemy and smiting the strong.
Let a strain be played on musical harps,
And let many quarts be filled on the table,
With high spirit, without fault, without gloom,
That my lion may receive long life and health.
Gallant darling for a while under sorrow,
And ireland completely under black cloacks,
I have found neither rest nor fortune
Since my gallant darling went far away"
"270" "In the merry month of may, from me home I started left the girls of Tuam,
Sad and broken hearted, salute me father dear,
And kissed me darlin' mother, drank a pint of beer,
Me tears and grief to smother, off to reap the corn,
Leave where I was born, I cut a stoat black thorn to banish ghosts and goblins,
In a pair of brand new of brogues, I rattled over the bogs, frightened all the dogs,
On the rocky road to Dublin, 1,2,3,4,5
Hunt the hare and turn her down the rocky road,
And all the way to Dublin, whacks fer al de da!
In Dublin next arrived, and thought it such a pity to be so soon deprived,
A view of that fair city, then I took a stroll,
All amongst the quality, me bundle it was stole,
In that neat locality, something crossed me mind, when I looked behind,
No bundle I could find, upon me stick a wobblin. Enquiring after the rogue,
Said me Connaught brogue, was not much in vogue,
On the rocky road to Dublin, 1,2,3,4,5
Hunt the hare and turn her down the rocky road,
And all the way to Dublin, whacks fer al de da!
The boys of Liverpool, when we safely landed, called meself a fool,
I could no longer stand it, me blood began to boil,
Me temper I was losing, for old Erin's isle,
They began abusing, horah say I, me Shelelagh I let fly,
Some Galway boys were by, they saw I was a hobblin',
With a loud hurray, they joined in the afray,
We quickly cleared the way,
For the rocky road to Dublin, 1,2,3,4,5
Hunt the hare and turn her down the rocky road,
And all the way to Dublin, whacks fer al de da!"
"271" "Ten years ago on a cold dark night
Someone was killed 'neath the town hall light
Just a few at the scene, and they all did agree
That the man who ran looked a lot like me
The judge said \"Son, what's your alibi?
If you were somewheres else, then you won't have to die\"
But I spoke not a word, tho' it meant my life
For I'd been in the arms of my best friend's wife
Chorus:
She walks these hills in a long black veil
Visits my grave when the night winds wail
Nobody knows, nobody sees
Nobody knows, but me
The scaffold is high, eternity near
She stands in the crowd, she sheds not a tear
But sometimes at night when the cold winds moan
In a long black veil, she cries o'er my bones"
"272" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"273" "Once In Royal David's City
Stood a lowly cattle shed,
Where a mother laid her Baby
In a manger for His bed.
Mary was that mother mild,
Jesus Christ her little Child.
He came down to earth from heaven,
Who is God and Lord of all,
And His shelter was a stable,
And His cradle was a stall.
With the poor and mean and lowly
Lived on earth our Saviour holy.
And our eyes at last shall see Him
Through His own redeeming love,
For that CHild so dear and gentle
Is our Lord in heaven above.
And He leads His children on
To the place where He is gone"
"274" ""
"275" "Ding dong merrily on high,
In heaven the bells are ringing:
Ding dong! verily the sky
Is riv'n with angel singing.
Gloria, Hosanna in excelsis!
E'en so here below, below,
Let steeple bells be swungen,
And \"Io, io, io!\"
By priest and people sungen.
Gloria, Hosanna in excelsis!
Pray you, dutifully prime
Your matin chime, ye ringers;
May you beautifully rime
Your evetime song, ye singers.
Gloria, Hosanna in excelsis!"
"276" ""
"277" ""
"278" "The wren, oh the wren; he's the king of all birds,
On St. Stevens day he got caught in the furze,
So it's up with the kettle and it's down with the pan,
Won't you give us a penny for to bury the wren!
Chorus:
Hup-bup-biddley-dah, diddle-daddle diddle-dah,
Doo-dah diddley-dah di-diddley diddle-um!
Hup-bum, diddle-ah, diddley-daddle doodle-dah
Diddley-dah do biddle-bah, ba-dum daddle diddle-um!
Well it's Christmas time; that's why we're here,
Please be good enough to give us an ear,
For we'll sing and we'll dance if you give us a chance,
And we won't be comin' back for another whole year!
CHORUS
We'll play Kerry polkas; they're real hot stuff,
We'll play the Masons Apron and the Pinch of Snuff,
Jon Maronley's jig and the Donegal reel,
Music made to put a spring in your heel!
CHORUS
If there's a drink in the house, would it make itself known,
Before I sing a song called \"The Banks of the Lowne\",
And I'll drink with you with occasion in it,
For me poor dry throat and I'll sing like a linnet!
CHORUS
Oh please give us something for the little birds wake,
A big lump of pudding or some Christmas cake,
A fist full o' goose and a hot cup o' tay (Tea),
And then we'll all be goin' on our way!
CHORUS
The wren, oh the wren; he's the king of all birds,
On St. Stevens day he got caught in the furze,
So it's up with the kettle and it's down with the pan,
Won't you give us a penny for to bury the wren!"
"279" ""
"280" ""
"281" "The boar's head in hand bear I
Bedecked with bay and rosemary;
So I pray you my masters be merry,
Quot estis in convivio [as many as are at the feast].
Chorus
Caput apri defero [I bring in the boar's head]
Reddens laudes Domino [Giving thanks to the lord]
Caput apri defero
Reddens laudes Domino
The boar's head as I understand
Is the rarest dish in all the land,
Which thus bedecked with a gay garland,
Let us servire cantico [serve it with a song].
Chorus
Our steward hath provided this
In honour of the King of bliss,
Which on this day to be served is
In Reginensis atrio [In Queen's Hall]."
"282" "God rest ye merry, gentlemen
Let nothing you dismay
Remember, Christ, our Saviour
Was born on Christmas day
To save us all from Satan's power
When we were gone astray
O tidings of comfort and joy,
Comfort and joy
O tidings of comfort and joy
In Bethlehem, in Israel,
This blessed Babe was born
And laid within a manger
Upon this blessed morn
The which His Mother Mary
Did nothing take in scorn
O tidings of comfort and joy,
Comfort and joy
O tidings of comfort and joy
From God our Heavenly Father
A blessed Angel came;
And unto certain Shepherds
Brought tidings of the same:
How that in Bethlehem was born
The Son of God by Name.
O tidings of comfort and joy,
Comfort and joy
O tidings of comfort and joy
\"Fear not then,\" said the Angel,
\"Let nothing you affright,
This day is born a Saviour
Of a pure Virgin bright,
To free all those who trust in Him
From Satan's power and might.\"
O tidings of comfort and joy,
Comfort and joy
O tidings of comfort and joy
The shepherds at those tidings
Rejoiced much in mind,
And left their flocks a-feeding
In tempest, storm and wind:
And went to Bethlehem straightway
The Son of God to find.
O tidings of comfort and joy,
Comfort and joy
O tidings of comfort and joy
And when they came to Bethlehem
Where our dear Saviour lay,
They found Him in a manger,
Where oxen feed on hay;
His Mother Mary kneeling down,
Unto the Lord did pray.
O tidings of comfort and joy,
Comfort and joy
O tidings of comfort and joy
Now to the Lord sing praises,
All you within this place,
And with true love and brotherhood
Each other now embrace;
This holy tide of Christmas
All other doth deface.
O tidings of comfort and joy,
Comfort and joy
O tidings of comfort and joy"
"283" "O Come All Ye Faithful
Joyful and triumphant,
O come ye, O come ye to Bethlehem.
Come and behold Him,
Born the King of Angels;
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
Christ the Lord.
O Sing, choirs of angels,
Sing in exultation,
Sing all that hear in heaven God's holy word.
Give to our Father glory in the Highest;
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
Christ the Lord.
All Hail! Lord, we greet Thee,
Born this happy morning,
O Jesus! for evermore be Thy name adored.
Word of the Father, now in flesh appearing;
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
Christ the Lord."
"284" "Near Bethlehem did shepherds keep
Their flocks of lambs and feeding sheep;
To whom God's angels did appear,
Which put the shepherds in great fear.
\"Arise and go\", the angles said.
'To Bethlehem, be not afraid,
For there you'll find this happy morn,
A princely babe, sweet Jesus born.
There were three wise men from afar
Directed by a glorious star,
And on they wandered night and day
Until they came where Jesus lay,
And when they came unto that place
Where our beloved Messiah was,
They humbly laid at his feet,
Their gifts of gold and incense sweet."
"285" ""
"286" ""
"287" "I knew of two sisters whose name it was Christmas,
And one was named Dawn of course, the other one was named Eve.
I wonder if they grew up hating the season,
The good will that lasts til the Feast of St. Stephen
For that is the time to eat, drink, and be merry,
Til the beer is all spilled and the whiskey has flowed.
And the whole family tree you neglected to bury,
Are feeding their faces until they explode.
[Chorus]
There'll be laughter and tears over Tia Marias,
Mixed up with that drink made from girders.
Cause it's all we've got left as they draw their last breath,
Ah, it's nice for the kids, as you finally get rid of them,
In the St Stephen's Day Murders.
Uncle is garglin' a heart-breaking air,
While the babe in his arms pulls out all that remains of his hair.
And we're not drunk enough yet to dare criticize,
The great big kipper tie he's about to baptize.
With his gin-flavored whiskers and kisses of sherry,
His best Chrimbo shirt slung out over the shop.
While the lights from the Christmas tree blow up the telly,
His face closes in like an old cold pork chop.
And the carcass of the beast left over from the feast,
May still be found haunting the kitchen.
And there's life in it yet, we may live to regret,
When the ones that we poisoned stop twitchin'.
[Chorus]"
"288" "Ph trouz zou ar en doar
Ph kan a glean me
Na kaeret er boehie e za lein eun n
Eled, lavaret demb eit petra e kannet?
Pene ted ar z e zou arri er bed?
Arnet ee genemb kannet pobl ag en doar?
Ewan de laret dho eun n ted hemb par
Eur mabig beniget rou a Jerusalem
E zo gannet eit-ho r gr a vethlem
translation:
What noise on earth?
who is singing for me and who I am hearing
how much I like these voices who sing in the skies
and what do they say in their song?
what is new that happened on earth?
we hear the people sing on earth
I come to tell you that in the sky there is something beyond compare
a small child blessed, king of Jerusalem
and who was born for them (the people) in the town of Bethlehem
Translated by Nolwenn Monjarret"
"289" "O the holly she bears a berry, as white as the milk
And Marry, she bore Jesus all wrapped up in silk
Chorus:
And Marry she bore Jesus,our savior for to be
And the first tree that's in the greenwood
It was the holly.
O the holly she bears a berry, as green as the grass
And Marry, she bore Jesus who died on the cross
Chorus
O the holly she bears a berry, as blood it is red
We trust in our savior who rose from the dead
Chorus"
"290" ""
"291" ""
"292" ""
"293" ""
"294" ""
"295" "All the streets are filled with laughter and light
And the music of the season
And the merchants' windows are all bright
With the faces of the children
And the families hurrying to their homes
While the sky darkens and freezes
Will be gathering around the hearths and tables
Giving thanks for God's graces
And the birth of the rebel Jesus
Well they call him by 'the Prince of Peace'
And they call him by 'the Savior'
And they pray to him upon the seas
And in every bold endeavor
And they fill his churches with their pride and gold
While their faith in him increases
But they've turned the nature that I worship in
From a temple to a robber's den
In the words of the rebel Jesus
Well we guard our world with locks and guns
And we guard our fine possessions
And once a year when Christmas comes
We give to our relations
And perhaps we give a little to the poor
If the generosity should seize us
But if any one of us should interfere
In the business of why there are poor
They get the same as the rebel Jesus
Now pardon me if I have seemed
To take the tone of judgement
For I've no wish to come between
This day and your enjoyment
In a life of hardship and of earthly toil
There's a need for anything that frees us
So I bid you pleasure
And I bid you cheer
From a heathen and a pagan
On the side of the rebel Jesus"
"296" ""
"297" ""
"298" ""
"299" ""
"300" ""
"301" ""
"302" ""
"303" ""
"304" ""
"305" ""
"306" ""
"307" ""
"308" ""
"309" ""
"310" ""
"311" "Deep in the hundred acre wood
Where Christopher Robin plays
You will find the enchanted neighborhood
Of Christopher's childhood days
A donkey named Eeyore is his friend
And Kanga and little Roo
There's Rabbit and Piglet
And there's Owl
But most of all Winnie the Pooh
Winnie the Pooh
Winnie the Pooh
Tubby little cubby all stuffed with fluff
He's Winnie the Pooh
Winnie the Pooh
Willy nilly silly old bear
Winnie the Pooh
Winnie the Pooh
Tubby little cubby all stuffed with fluff
He's Winnie the Pooh
Winnie the Pooh
Willy nilly silly old bear"
"312" "From Derry Quai we sailed away
On the 23rd of May
We were taken on board by a pleasant crew
Bound for Americay
Fresh water there we did take on
Five thousand gallons or more
In case we'd run short going to New York
Far away from the Shamrock shore
So fare thee well, sweet Lisa, dear
And likewise to Derry town
And twice farewell to my comrades bold
Who still dwell on that sainted ground
If ever fortune, it should favor me
And I do have money in store
Well, I'll come back and I'll wed the sweet lassie I left
On Paddy's Green Shamrock Shore
We sailed three days, we were all seasick
Not one on board was free
We were all confined to our bunks
With no one to pity me
No fond mother dear, our father kind
To comfort my head went to sore
This made me think more on the girl I left
On Paddy's Green Shamrock Shore
Well, we safely reached the other side
In fifteen and twenty days
We were taken as passengers by a man
And he led us in six different ways
So then we all drank a parting glass
In case we'd never meet more
And we drank our health to old Ireland
And Paddy's Green Shamrock Shore
So fare thee well, sweet Lisa dear
And likewise to Derry town
And twice farewell to my comrades bold
Who still dwell on that sainted ground
If ever fortune, it should favor me
And I do have money galore
Well, I'll come back and I'll wed the sweet lassie I left
On Paddy's Green Shamrock Shore"
"313" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"314" "Never give all the heart
For love will hardly seem worth thinking of
To passionate women if it seems certain
Never give all the heart
For love will hardly seem worth thinking of
To passionate women if it seems certain
And they never dream that it fades out from kiss to kiss
For everything that's lovely is but a brief, dreamy, kind delight
O never give the heart outright
For they, for all smooth lips can say
Have given their hearts up to the play
And who could play it well enough
If deaf and dumb and blind with love?
He that made this knows all the cost
For he gave all his heart and lost
They, for all smooth lips can say
Have given their hearts up to the play
Never give all the heart"
"315" ""
"316" ""
"317" "As I went out walking one fine summer morning
The birds in the bushes did whistle and sing
The lads and the lasses in couples were courtin'
Going back to the factory their work to begin
He spied one among them, she was fairer then many
Her cheeks like the red rose that blooms in the spring
Her hair like the lily that grows in Yon' valley
She was only a hard-working factory girl
He sat soft beside her, more closely to view her
She says, \"My young man, don't stare me so
I gold in my pocket and silver as well
No more will I answer that factory call\""
"318" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"319" ""
"320" "Oh Danny boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling
From glen to glen and down the mountain side
The summer's gone and all the flowers falling
'T's you, 't's you, must go and I must bide
But come ye back when summer's in meadow
Or when the valleys hushed and white with snow
'Tis I'll be there in sunshine or in the shadow
Oh Danny boy, oh Danny boy, I love you so
And when you come and all the flowers are dying
If I am dead, as dead I will may be
You'll come and find the place where I am lying
And 'neel and say an 'Ave' for me
And I shall hear those soft you tread above me
And all my grave will warm and sweeter be
If you will built and tell me that you love me
Then I shall sleep in peace until you come to me"
"321" "I know my love by his way of walking
And I know my love by his way of talking
And I know my love dressed in a suit of blue
And if my love leaves me what will I do...
And still she cried, \"I love him the best
And a troubled mind sure can know no rest\"
And still she cried, \"Bonny boys are few
And if my love leaves me what will I do\"
There is a dance house in Maradyke
And there my true love goes every night
He takes a strange girl upon his knee
Well now don't you think that that vexes me?
And still she cried, \"I love him the best
And a troubled mind sure can know no rest\"
And still she cried, \"Bonny boys are few
And if my love leaves me what will I do\"
If my love knew I can wash and wring
If my love knew I can sew and spin
I'd make a coat of the finest kind
But the want of money sure leaves me behind
And still she cried, \"I love him the best
And a troubled mind sure can know no rest\"
And still she cried, \"Bonny boys are few
And if my love leaves me what will I do\"
I know my love is an arrant rover
I know he'll wander the wild world over
In dear old Ireland he'll no longer tarry
An American girl he's sure to marry
And still she cried, \"I love him the best
And a troubled mind sure can know no rest\"
And still she cried, \"Bonny boys are few
And if my love leaves me what will I do\"
And still she cried, \"I love him the best
And a troubled mind sure can know no rest\"
And still she cried, \"Bonny boys are few
And if my love leaves me what will I do\"
What will I do..."
"322" "Youve got the world at your feet
Youve got them dancing in the street
Youve got them wrapped around your fingertips
You never tried to be a star
Cos you were happy where you are
Brighter than the galaxy
Youre jumping over
These four leaf clovers
Youre high like heaven now
And there are locks around your head
A choir of angels round your bed
And when you sleep you fly above this land
You wake with scratches on your feet
But your secrets safe with me
Cos there are things that theyll just never understand
Youre jumping over these four leaf clovers
Youre high like heaven now
They want to own you
But theyve never shown you
A reason to come down
Youre just like a bird
And you fly so high
You break like a child
When you fall from the sky
La la la la, la la la la
And they wanna rescue thee
But there are ropes they cannot see
The gods will never ever lose their grip
Many men have tried before
But felt like soon as they leave shore
They summon seas to sink their pretty ship
But youre jumping over
These four leaf clovers
Youre high like heaven now
They want to own you
But theyve never shown you
A reason to come down
They want to own you
But theyve never shown you
A reason to come down
La la la la, la la la la...
High like..."
"323" "You are, you are a shining star
I love you just the way you are
The roads so fast so you will fall
You know that youve already got it all
It doesnt matter what you do
It doesnt matter what you say
I will love you
Youre chasing after all the gold, uh oh
But even now your heart is cold, uh oh
To gain the world but lose your soul
Well I dont need to weigh it up to know
It doesnt matter what you do
It doesnt matter what you say
I will love you
It doesnt matter if you fall
It doesnt matter if you run away
I will love you
All these lines upon your face
So scared to live without a trace
Tried to outrun the setting sun
But theres enough for everyone
You could keep digging up china oh
But you would never find it no no
Searching so hard for your happiness
But its not where you think it is
It doesnt matter what you do
It doesnt matter what you say
I will love you
It doesnt matter if you fall
It doesnt matter if you run away
I will love you
It doesnt matter what you do
It doesnt matter what you say
Cos I will love you
It doesnt matter if you fall
Or if you run away
I will love you
It doesnt matter
It doesnt matter
It doesnt matter
It doesnt matter
It doesnt matter
Ooooooooooooh oh
It doesnt matter
It doesnt matter
It doesnt matter
It doesnt matter
It doesnt matter
Ooooooooooooh oh
You are, you are, a shining star
You are, you are, a shining star
You are, you are, you are, you are, you are
You are, a shining star
A shining star"
"324" "Close your eyes
Turn out the light
Cant we just pretend tonight?
That weve got nothing
That weve got nothing
That weve got nothing
To fear
Hold me like a baby
Rock me in a cradle
And whisper, nothing
Whisper, nothing
Sweet whisper, nothing
In my ear
(ohhh)
Theres a world inside my head
Oh, let me hide out in your bed
And think of, nothing
And think of, nothing
Think of, nothing
But here"
"325" "All my lights are out
This is not my kind of bliss
My painted lips are numb
In this stranger's empty kiss
I saw shadows at your feet
My empty shoes have left me here
I knew then that the rain would come
When we watched the rainbow disappear
I'm not missing you
I'm not staring into space
I'm not blue, I'm not blue
I'm not holding on
Even to the lack of you
I'm not running movies in my head
I'm not searching for your feet in bed
I'm not sleeping in your t-shirt
Baby I'm not making tea for two
I'm not missing you
I'm not staring into space
I'm not blue, I'm not blue
And dreams will fly
Just one more night
And I'll let you go
Just like a kite
I won't turn around
I'll wake up singing again
For the first time and forever
I say a million times goodnight
It seems easier to love everybody
Than to love just one man right
I'm not missing you
I'm not staring into space
I'm not blue, I'm not blue
I'm not missing you
I'm not staring into space
I'm not blue, I'm not blue
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh, oh"
"326" "Whys it always such a big surprise
When you let me know whats going on inside
A secret truth
Everywhere
But now youre standing so bare
I dreamed of love
With an open palm
But now your fingers start to curl
I lay my head against the stone
Am I, am I, not your girl
I know
That love comes and it goes
I want it
To stick around this time
I touched the bottom of the cake
And now I dont know what to say
It feels like we
Are worlds apart
But you are just a room away
Are you a memory or are you a dream
I seem to conjure you from both
Are your pools blue?
Or grey-green?
Is my love deep enough?
I know
Love comes and it goes
I want it to
Stick around this time
This time, this time
This time
Will we see what the morning brings?
See what the morning brings
See what the morning brings
See what the morning brings
Can I trust the man
Who loves another?
Or do I want a man
Who can only love me?
Is this the middle?
Is this the end?
Lets walk a little
We shall
See what the morning brings
See what the morning brings
See what the morning brings
See what the morning brings
See what the morning brings
See what the morning brings
See what the morning brings
See what the morning brings
Natures taking over
Natures taking over
Natures taking over
Natures taking over"
"327" "Whats the matter baby?
Youve been crying for too long
Youve been hiding out in the dark
Trying to work out what went wrong
And I know that its not easy
With these monsters in your head
Youll come around
You will
You can do it
Youll come around
You will
Its been weeks now baby
Youve been locked behind your door
Its okay to come out
Its time for you to swim to shore
And I know that its not easy
With these sharks around your bed
Youll come around
You will
You can do it
Youll come around
You will
Cos youre free as a bird
Youre free as a bird
Youre free as a bird
As a bird
As a bird
As a bird
As a bird
As a bird
As a bird
Whats the matter baby?
Youll come around
You will
You can do it
Youll come around
You will
Youll come around
You will
Theres nothing to it, oh
Youll come around
You will
Whats the matter baby?
Whats the matter baby?
Whats the matter baby?
Baby, baby."
"328" "Ba ba do dab a dab a do, oh oh...
One false move away from you
I couldnt leave now if I wanted to
Im too far gone to turn from you
What are we gonna do?
I was not the type to fall from grace
But I lost my footing when I saw your face
And Id break every rule I make
Will this be my last mistake?
Its only love, that Im seeking
Its only love, that Im seeking
I played out this scene a hundred times
But now I look at your mouth and I forget my lines
You draw me in just like a cigarette
One morning dawn with a head full of regret
My life is made up with the things I said I wouldnt do
Now here I am standing in front of you
It seems theres only trouble and desire
Im standing on a wire, Im sitting in a fire
Its only love that Im seeking
Its only love that Im seeking
Its only love, its only love
I cant yell any louder
I cant breathe any deeper
I cant hold on a little longer
I cant sing any stronger
I cant turn it on
I cant turn it off
I cant keep this type from rising
I cant contain this yearning
I cant stop this fire
One false move away from you
I couldnt leave now if I wanted to
Im too far gone to turn from you
What are we gonna do?
Its only love, that Im seeking
Its only love that Im seeking
Its only love, its only love
Its only love that Im seeking
(ba ba da ba do ba da...)
Its only love that Im seeking
Its only love that Im seeking
Its only love, its only love
Its only love, its only love"
"329" "If I told you a secret
Would you understand?
Could you promise that youd keep it?
Keep it in your hand
I dont know
Where we go from here
We keep spinning round in circles
Are we going nowhere?
I cant see the future
Are we already there?
I wanna laugh like I used to
Cry like I could with you
I dont know where
We go from here
Come lay down beside me
And Ill tell you a story
Lay your head upon your pillow
Look outside your window
Ill be the stars
Ill be the stars
Weve had a lot of weather
You and me
Nothing is forever
The winds are calling me
You know I wanna know what peace is
But I pulled it all to pieces
Now we need all the kings horses
You know I wanna know what peace is
But I pulled it all to pieces
Now we need all the kings horses
Come lay down beside me
And Ill tell you a story
Lay your head upon your pillow
Look outside your window
If were saying goodbye
Ill see you in the night sky
Ill be the stars
Ill be the stars
Ill be the stars, be the stars"
"330" "Ive been running into trouble
Well mostly Ive been walking
Having conversations with God
Where I do all the talking
Just to find the will to live
Is a search that takes me far and wide
Sometimes the suburbs of paradise
Leave a lot to be desired
Will I rise, will I rise up?
Will I rise, will I rise, up?
As I crawl around my house
I think I could just disappear
I keep looking in the mirror
Just to see if Im still here
Maybe we could overthrow
The political campaign
With all this blood on our hands
Weve only got ourselves to blame
Will we rise, will we rise up?
Will we rise, will we rise up?
Will we rise... up?
Will we rise... up?
The road ahead is all the shiver
But is the past through with me yet?
All the sins of the father
That Im trying to forget
Whys it take a world of love
To let just a little in
Theres a murmur in my heart
But it might be only spring
Will it rise, will it rise up?
Will it rise, will it rise up?
Will we rise... up?
Will we rise, will we rise up?
Will we rise... up...?"
"331" "Would you like to come cloud watching with me?
We can while away the afternoon
Just to step out of time is all we need
Looking out for the other rule
Cos theres no place
Id rather be
Theres no one
Id rather see
Would you like to come cloud watching with me?
We can watch the world roll on by
Dreaming up all the endless possibilities
Staring into the open sky
Cos theres no place
Id rather be
And theres no one
Id rather see
Watch the blues get blown away
Would you like to come cloud watching with me?
We dont have to talk at all
If we lie on our backs in the green green grass
I guarantee theres no way to fall
Cos theres no place
Id rather be
And theres no one
Id rather see
And together watch the blues get blown away
Cos there are so many clouds in the sky today
Yeah
Hey, yeah, hey, yeah..."
"332" "You know youre past
A mid-way mark
Yeah its too late
To turn back
Tomorrow will be
Clean of this day
Dont worry so much
You will find your way
And you wish it would rain
Cos youre thirsty again
But it wont hurt a bit
Like a kiss on your lips
Take a bite, heres a light
Theres a hole in the night
Just go through
Its for you
Itll be alright
Theres still time
If we run
Some reasons are
Best forgotten
The night wont wait forever
It keeps getting better
And better
Hold me close
Pull me near
There is nothing to fear
Let it go
Like a song
Cos the frost is all gone
Theres a light in your eyes
You can drop your disguise
Cos youre so brand new
And theres so much loving to do
Look at you now
Youre high as a kite
Head full of stars you are
Travelling light
Youre on your own
But youre not alone
If you look around
You will find you are home
And you wish it would rain
Cos youre thirsty again
But it wont hurt a bit
Like a kiss on your lips
Take a bite, heres a light
Theres a hole in the night
Just go through
Its for you
Itll be alright
Hold me close
Pull me near
There is nothing to fear
Let it go
Like a song
Cos the frost is all gone
Theres a light in your eyes
You can drop your disguise
Cos youre so brand new
And theres so much loving to do
Theres so much loving to do
Theres so much loving to do
Theres so much loving to do"
"333" "Watch all the flowers
Dance with the wind
Listen to snowflakes
Whisper your name
Feel all the wonder
Lifting your dreams
You can fly
Fly to who you are
Climb upon your star
You believe you'll find your wings
Fly to your heart
Touch every rainbow
Painting the sky
Look at the magic
Glide through your life
A sprinkle of pixie dust
Circles the night
You can fly
Fly to who you are
Climb upon your star
You believe you'll find your wings
Fly
Everywhere you go
Your soul will find a home
You'll be free
To spread your wings
Fly
You can fly
To your heart
Fly to the heights of all you can be
Soar on the hope of marvelous things
Fly to who you are
Climb upon your star
You believe you'll find your wings
Fly
Everywhere you go
Your soul will find a home
You'll be free
To spread your wings
Fly
You can fly
To your heart"
"334" "Don oche d i mBeithil, beidh tagairt ar ghrin go brch,
Don oche d i mBeithil go dtinig an Bhrithir sln;
T grosghrua ar sparthaibh 's an talamh 'na chldach bn;
Fach osagn sa chlibhn, 's an Mhaighdean ' dhil le gr
Ar leacain lom an tslibhe go nglacann na haoir scth
Nuair in oscailt ghil na spire t teachtaire D ar fil;
Cad glire anois don Athair i bhFlaitheasaibh thuas go hard!
Is feasta fs ar talamh d'fhearaibh dea-mhin' siochin!"
"335" "I don't know if you can see
The changes that have come over me
These last few days I've been afraid
That I might drift away
I've been telling old stories, singing songs
That make me think about where I've come from
That's the reason why I seem
So far away today
Let me tell you that I love you
That I think about you all the time
Caledonia you're calling me
Now I'm going home
But if I should become a stranger
Know that it would make me more than sad
Caledonia's been everything I've ever had
Now I have moved and I've kept on moving
Proved the points that I needed proving
Lost the friends that I needed losing
Found others on the way
I've kissed the fellas and left them crying
Stolen dreams, yes, there's no denying
I've traveled hard sometimes with conscience flying
Somewhere with the wind
Let me tell you that I love you
That I think about you all the time
Caledonia you're calling me
Now I'm going home
But if I should become a stranger
Know that it would make me more than sad
Caledonia's been everything I've ever had
Now I'm sitting here before the fire
The empty room, the forest choir
The flames have cooled, don't get any higher
They've withered now, they've gone
But I'm steady thinking my way is clear
And I know what I will do tomorrow
When hands have shaken, the kisses flowed
Then I will disappear
Let me tell you that I love you
That I think about you all the time
Caledonia you're calling me
Now I'm going home
But if I should become a stranger
Know that it would make me more than sad
Caledonia's been everything I've ever had
Caledonia's been everything I've ever had
Caledonia's been everything I've ever had
Caledonia's been everything I've ever had"
"336" "Signore guidami
E dimmi cosa fare
Ho vista l'amore della mia vita
E lui ha vista me
Sono confuse, lo confonde
Gli voglio dire che l'amo
E spero dira lo stesso
Sono passate due settimante
La vita scorre veloce
Il mio cuore batte forte
Signore guidami e dammi pace
Ti chiedo cose dire, come dirlo
Nostrami come dire che l'amo
Nostrami come dire che mi ama
Sto pregando che dira di amarmi
[English translation:]
Lord, guide me
And tell me what to do
I've seen the love of my life
And he has seen me
I want to tell him that I love him
And I hope he'll say the same
Life goes by fast
My heart beats strong
Lord, guide me and grant me peace
I ask you what to say, how to say it
Show me how to say I love him
Show me how to say he loves me
I'm praying that he'll say that he loves me"
"337" "Lascia ch'io pianga mia cruda sorte
E che sospiri la liberta
E che sospiri
E che sospiri la liberta
Lascia ch'io pianga mia cruda sorte
E che sospiri la liberta
Il duolo infranga queste ritorte
De miei martiri sol per pieta
De miei martiri sol per pieta"
"338" "L na mara
L na mara n rabharta
Guth na dtonnta a leanadh
Guth na dtonnta a leanfad 
L na mara n lom tr
L na mara n rabharta
L an ghainimh, lom tr
L an ghainimh
(The day of the sea
The day of the sea or of the high tides
To follow the voice of the waves
I would follow the voice of the waves
The day of the sea or the ebb tide
The day of the sea or of the high tides
The day of the sands, the ebb tide
The day of the sands)
Can you feel the river run?
Waves are dancing to the sun
Take the tide and face the sea
And find a way to follow me
Leave the field and leave the fire
And find the flame of your desire
Set your heart on this far shore
And sing your dream to me once more
[Chorus:]
'S mo laoch mo ghile mear
'S mo Shasar, gile mear
Suan gan san n bhfuair m fin
 chuaigh I gcin mo ghile mear
(He is my hero, my dashing darling
He is my Caesar, dashing darling
Rest or pleasure I did not get
Since he went far away, my darling)
Now the time has come to leave
Keep the flame and still believe
Know that love will shine through darkness
One bright star to light the wave
[Chorus]
Amhrn na farraige
r are na seolta
Amhrn na farraige
Ag seoladh na bhfonnta...
(Song of the sea
Gold on the sails
Song of the sea
Sending the melodies...)
Lift your voice and raise the sail
Know that love will never fail
Know that I will sing to you
Each night as I dream of you
[Chorus]
Ag seinm na farraige
Ag seinm na farraige
(Playing the sea
Playing the sea)
Seinn... Play...
[Chorus]
Gile mear, the wind and sun
The sleep is over, dream is done
To the west where fire sets
To the gile mear, the day begun
[Chorus 2x]
 chuaigh I gcin mo ghile mear
(Since he went far away, my darling)
Amhrn na farraige
r are na seolta
Ag seoladh na bhfonnta
(Song of the sea
Gold on the sails
Sending the melodies)"
"339" "A 'non mhn , sin anall na fir shir
A mhithairin mhn , cuir na roithlan go dt m
[Curf:]
Dlamn na binne bu, dlamn Gaelach
Dlamn na farraige, be'fhearr a bh in irinn
T ceann bu ir are an dlamn gaelach
T dh chluais mhaol are an dlamn maorach
Brga breaca dubha are an dlamn gaelach
T bearad agus tris are an dlamn maorach
[Curf 2x]
Gide a thug na tre th? arsa an dlamn gaelach
Ag sir le do non, arsa an dlamn maorach
Rachaimid chun Niir leis an dlamn gaelach
Ceannimid brga daora are an dlamn maorach
[Curf]
 chuir m scala chuici, go gceanninn cor d
'S'n scal a chuir s chugam, go raibh a ceann cortha
[Curf]
Cha bhfaigheann t mo 'non, arsa an dlamn gaelach
Bheul, fuadidh m liom , arsa an dlamn maorach
Dlamn na binne bu, dlamn Gaelach
[Curf]
Dlamn na binne bu, dlamn Gaelach
Dlamn na farraige, be'fhearr a bh, be'fhearr a bh
Dlamn na binne bu, dlamn Gaelach
Dlamn na farraige, be'fhearr a bh, be'fhearr a bh
Be'fhearr a bh in irinn
[English translation:]
Oh gentle daughter, here come the wooing men
Oh gentle mother, put the wheels in motion for me
[Chorus:]
Seaweed from the yellow cliff, Irish seaweed
Seaweed from the ocean, the best in all of Ireland
There is a yellow gold head on the Gaelic seaweed
There are two blunt ears on the stately seaweed
The Irish seaweed has beautiful black shoes
The stately seaweed has a beret and trousers
[Chorus 2x]
\"What are you doing here?\" says the Irish seaweed
\"At courting with your daughter,\" says the stately seaweed
I would go to Niir with the Irish seaweed
\"I would buy expensive shoes,\" said the Irish seaweed
[Chorus]
I spent time telling her the story that I would buy a comb for her
The story she told back to me, that she is well-groomed
\"Oh where are you taking my daughter?\" says the Irish seaweed
\"Well, I'd take her with me,\" says the stately seaweed
Seaweed from the yellow cliff, Irish seaweed
[Chorus]
Seaweed from the yellow cliff, Irish seaweed
Seaweed from the ocean, the best, the best
Seaweed from the yellow cliff, Irish seaweed
Seaweed from the ocean, the best, the best
The best in all of Ireland"
"340" "ALL:
Tonight we're going to meet some lads
As girls who dressed up gaily
And we'll be dancing till the dawn
We're going to the Ceili
The ones they come from miles around
From Venice and from
To show us all their fancy steps
We're going to the Ceili
They're playing tunes on everything
From pipes to ukulele
It sounds so good you can't sit down
We're dancing At The Ceili
LISA:
All the boys we love so well
So handsome, young and charming
They're in New York and Boston now
They should be home here farming
My own true love has sailed away
To be an endless rover
Cause times are tough and he will save
To start a new life over
He writes me letters every week
To say how much he's slavin'
And he promises that he'll be back
Before the hay needs savin'
But it's hard to love somebody
That you're not in touch with daily
So I'm looking for somebody new
Tonight down At The Ceili
The winter nights are long and hard
And time goes by so slowly
I wish my true love he was here
And in his arms I'd go
He'd whisper tender words of love to me
And kiss my lips so sweetly
And quickly I'd surrender to
His manly charms completely
ALL:
He writes me letters every week
To say how much he's slavin'
And he promises that he'll be back
Before the hay needs savin'
But it's hard to love somebody
That you're not in touch with daily
So I'm looking for somebody new
Tonight down At The Ceili
So I'm looking for somebody new
Tonight down At The Ceili
ORLAGH:
I only need someone tonight
Who'll make my heart beat fast
A handsome man in black and white
Who smiles as he walks past
The harp may play in old time worlds
He'll twirl me round the floor
He'll promise me that I will be
His girl forevermore
His girl forevermore
His girl forevermore
He'll promise me that I will be
His girl forevermore
MEAV:
I'm somewhat ill and bothered
That is really quite alarming
I have to lads pursuing me
And each of them is charming
One of them is dark and poor
One pale with lots of money
I don't know which one to choose
The flowered or the funny
What on earth am I to do
It's driving me half crazy
Tonight I'll make my mind up
When I see them At The Ceili
To be a poor man's wife will be
A life of washing dishes
When a rich man's wife will surely have
Great luxury and riches
In comfort how I know
It wouldn't be too hard to wallow
But being poor is that much fun
Which one should I follow?
ALL:
What on earth am I to do
It's driving me half crazy
Tonight I'll make my mind up
When I see them At The Ceili:
LISA:
I've been lucky I've found a lad who's handsome and a neighbor
ORLAGH:
And me I've met a decent man who's friendship I will savor
MEAV:
And me I've made my choice as well and in no way was it easy
But I'd rather have a man for love
Then to be a rich man's lady
ALL:
And that is how the story ends
Be true and never fail me
We got ourselves three men tonight
And we met them"
"341" "Instrumental."
"342" "Sing a new song to the world
Let your voice be heard
Go and bring the word
This whole world was meant to be
For you as well as me
For humanity
We all travel the same road
Carry the same load
Reap what we have sowed
You are hoping just like me
To live with dignity
Hoping to be free
Sing out, sing out, sing to the world
Sing out, you will be heard
Sing the message and the word
Sing a new song to the world
Sing out, sing to the world
If your God's the same as mine
Has been for all time
Why are we so blind?
What we're doing in his name
Well, its a crying shame
Sing Out!
We all cry the same"
"343" "High is the moon tonight
Hiding it's guiding light, high
Heaven and earth do sleep, still in the dark so deep
I will the darkness sweep
I will the moon to flight, I will the heaven's bright
I will the earth to light
Open your eyes with me, see paradise with me
Awake and arise with me
I am the dawn, I'm the new day begun
I bring you the morning, I bring you the sun
I hold back the night and I open the skies
I give light to the world, I give sight to your eyes
From the first of all time, until time is undone
Forever and ever and ever and ever
And I am the dawn and the sky and the sun
I am one with the one and I am the dawn"
"344" "'Tis the last rose of summer left blooming alone
All her lovely companions are faded and gone
No flower of her kindred, no rosebud is nigh
To reflect back her blushes and give sigh for sigh
I'll not leave thee, thou lone one, to pine on the stem
Since the lovely are sleeping, go sleep thou with them
Thus kindly I scatter thy leaves o'er the bed
Where thy mates of the garden lie scentless and dead
So soon may I follow when friendships decay
And from love's shining circle the gems drop away
When true hearts lie withered and fond ones are flown
Oh who would inhabit this bleak world alone?
This bleak world alone"
"345" "I dreamt I dwelt in marble halls
With vassals and serfs at my side,
And of all who assembled within those walls
That I was the hope and the pride.
I had riches all too great to count, could boast
Of a high ancestral name.
But I also dreamt which pleased me most
That you loved me still the same,
That you loved me
You loved me still the same,
That you loved me
You loved me still the same.
I dreamt that suitors sought my hand,
That knights upon bended knee
And with vows no maidens heart could withstand,
They pledged their faith to me.
And I dreamt that one of that noble host
Came forth my hand to claim.
But I also dreamt which charmed me most
That you loved me still the same
That you loved me
You loved me still the same,
That you loved me
You loved me still the same."
"346" "Are you going to Scarborough Fair?
Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme
Remember me to one who lives there
He once was a true love of mine
Tell him to make me a cambric shirt
Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme
Without no seam, nor fine needlework
Then he'll be a true love of mine
Tell him to find me an acre of land
Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme
Between the salt water and the sea strand
Then he'll be a true love of mine
Are you going to Scarborough Fair?
Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme
Remember me to one who lives there
He once was a true love of mine"
"347" "I pray you'll be our eyes
And watch us where we go
And help us to be wise
In times when we don't know
Let this be our prayer
As we go our way
Lead us to a place
Guide us with your grace
To a place where we'll be safe
I pray we'll find your light
And hold it in our hearts
When stars go out each night
Remind us where you are
Let this be our prayer
When shadows fill our day
Lead us to a place
Guide us with your grace
Give us faith so we'll be safe
We ask that life be kind
And watch us from above
We hope each soul will find
Another soul to love
Let this be our prayer
Just like every child
Needs to find a place
Guide us with your grace
Give us faith so we'll be safe
Need to find a place
Guide us with your grace
Give us faith so we'll be safe"
"348" "Siuil, siuil, siul a run,
Siuil go sochair agus siuil go ciuin
Siuil go doras agus ealaigh lion
Siuil, siuil, siul a run,
Siuil go sochair agus siuil go ciuin
Siuil go doras agus ealaigh lion
Is go dte tu mo mhuirnin slan
I wish I was on yonder hill
'Tis there I'd sit and cry my fill,
And every tear would turn a mill,
I'll sell my rod, I'll sell my reel,
I'll sell my only spinning wheel,
To buy my love a sword of steel
Siuil, siuil, siul a run,
Siuil go sochair agus siuil go ciuin
Siuil go doras agus ealaigh lion
Is go dte tu mo mhuirnin slan
I'll dye my petticoats, I'll dye them red,
And 'round the world I'll beg my bread,
Until my parents shall wish me dead,
Siuil, siuil, siul a run,
Siuil go sochair agus siuil go ciuin
Siuil go doras agus ealaigh lion
Is go dte tu mo mhuirnin slan
Siuil, siuil, siul a run,
Siuil go sochair agus siuil go ciuin
Siuil go doras agus ealaigh lion
Siuil, siuil, siul a run,
Siuil go sochair agus siuil go ciuin
Siuil go doras agus ealaigh lion
Is go dte tu mo mhuirnin slan"
"349" "Jesu, joy of man's desiring
Holy wisdom, love most bright
Drawn by Thee, our souls aspiring
Soar to uncreated light
Word of God, our flesh that fashioned
With the fire of life impassioned
Striving still to truth unknown
Soaring, dying round Thy throne"
"350" "I hear your voice on the wind
And I here you call out my name
'Listen my child', you say to me
'I am the voice of your history
Be not afraid, come follow me
Answer my call and I'll set you free'
I am the voice in the wind and the pouring rain
I am the voice of your hunger and pain
I am the voice that always is calling you
I am the voice, I will remain
I am the voice in the fields when the summer's gone
The dance of the leaves when the autumn winds blow
Ne'er do I sleep throughout all the cold winter long
I am the force that in springtime will grow
I am the voice of the past that will always be
Filled with my sorrow and blood in my fields
I am the voice of the future
Bring me your peace
Bring me your peace and my wounds, they will heal
I am the voice in the wind and the pouring rain
I am the voice of your hunger and pain
I am the voice that always is calling you
I am the voice
I am the voice of the past that will always be
I am the voice of your hunger and pain
I am the voice of the future
I am the voice
I am the voice
I am the voice
I am the voice"
"351" "Sailing, sailing
Somewhere beyond the sea
Somewhere waiting for me
My lover stands on golden sands
And watches the ships that go sailing
Somewhere beyond the sea
He's there watching for me
If I could fly like birds on high
Then straight to his arms I'd go sailing
It's far beyond the stars
It's near beyond the moon
I know beyond a doubt
My heart will lead me there soon
We'll meet beyond the shore
We'll kiss just like before
Happy we will be beyond the sea
And never again I'll go sailing
Sailing...
We'll meet, I know we'll meet beyond the shore
We'll kiss just as before
Happy we'll be beyond the sea
And never again I'll go sailing
Sailing
No more sailing
No more sailing"
"352" "I wish I was in Carrickfergus
Only for nights in Ballygrand
I would swim over the deepest ocean
The deepest ocean for my love to find
But the sea is wide and I cannot swim over
Neither have I wings to fly
If I could find me a handsome boatsman
To ferry me over to my love and die
My childhood days bring back sad reflections
Of happy times spent so long ago
My childhood friends and my own relations
Have all passed on now like melting snow
But I'll spend my days in endless roaming
Soft is the grass, my bed is free
Ah, to be back now in Carrickfergus
On that long road down to the sea"
"353" "Somewhere over the rainbow, way up high
There's a land that I've heard of once in a lullaby.
Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue
And the dreams that you dare to dream,
Really do come true.
Someday I'll wish upon a star
And wake up where the clouds are far behind me.
Where troubles melt like lemon drops,
High above the chimney tops,
That's where you'll find me.
Somewhere over the rainbow, blue birds fly
Birds fly over the rainbow
Why then, oh why can't I?
If happy little bluebirds fly beyond the rainbow
Why, oh why can't I?
Somewhere over the rainbow, way up high
There's a land that I've heard of once in a lullaby.
Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue
And the dreams that you dare to dream,
Really do come true.
Someday I'll wish upon a star
And wake up where the clouds are far behind me.
Where troubles melt like lemon drops,
High above the chimney tops,
That's where you'll find me.
Somewhere over the rainbow, blue birds fly
Birds fly over the rainbow
Why then, oh why can't I?
If happy little bluebirds fly beyond the rainbow
Why, oh why can't I?"
"354" "Chorus:
'S do mhaimeo , 's do mhaimeo
'S do mhaimeo cailleach an airgid
'S do mhaimeo Bhail' Iorrais Mhir
'S chuir-feadh s cist 'r bhithre Chois Fharraige
'bhFeicfesa 'n \"steam\" 'ga'l siar Tin U Loing'
'S na rotha gh'l timpeall siar na ceathrna
Caithfeadh s'nstiir naoi n-uair'ar a cl
'S n choinneodh s sil le cailleach an airgid
(Chorus)
'Measann t 'bpsfa, 'measann t 'bpsfa
'Measann t 'bpsfa cailleach an airgid?
T 's a'm nach 'bpsfa, t 's a'm nach 'bpsfa
Mar t s r-g 'gus dlfadh s'n t-airgead
(chorus)
'S gairid go 'bpsfa, 's gairid go 'bpsfa
'S gairid go 'bpsfa beirt ar an mbaile seo
'S gairid go 'bpsfa, 's gairid go 'bpsfa
San Shamais Mhir agus Mire N Chathasaigh
(Repeat)
(Chorus twice)
English Translation
Chorus:
She's your granny, she's your granny
She's your granny, the hag with the money
She's your granny from the town of Iorrais Mr
And she would put coaches on the roads of Cois Farraige
If you'd see the steam boat going past Tin U Loing'
And the wheels turning speedily at her flanks
She'd scatter the store nine times to the rear
But she never keeps pace with the hag with the money
(chorus)
Do you reckon he'd marry, do you reckon he'd marry
Do you reckon he'd marry the hag with the money?
I know he'll not marry, I know he'll not marry
Because he's too young and he'll drink the money
(chorus)
We'll soon have a wedding, we'll soon have a wedding
We'll soon have a wedding by two in the village
We'll soon have a wedding, we'll soon have a wedding
Between San Samais Mr and Mire N Chathasaigh
(Repeat)
(Chorus twice)"
"355" "There is a place on the east
Mysterious ring, a magical ring of stones
The druids lived here once, they said
Forgotten is the race that no one knows
The circled tomb of a different age
Secret lines carved on ancient stones
Heroic kings laid down to rest
Forgotten is the race that no one knows
Wait for the sun on a winter's day
And a beam of light shines across the floor
Mysterious ring, a magical ring
Forgotten is the race that no one knows"
"356" "In the morning when you rise
I bless the sun, I bless the skies
I bless your lips, I bless your eyes
My blessing goes with you
In the night time when you sleep
Oh, I bless you while a watch I keep
As you lie in slumber deep
My blessing goes with you
This is my prayer for you
There for you, ever true
Each every day for you
In everything you do
And when you come to me
And hold me close to you
I bless you
And you bless me too
When your weary heart is tired
If the world would leave you uninspired
When nothing more of love's desire
My blessing goes with you
When the storms of life are strong
When you're wounded, when you don't belong
When you no longer hear my song
My blessing goes with you
This is my prayer for you
There for you, ever true
Each every day for you
In everything you do
And when you come to me
And hold me close to you
I bless you
And you bless me too
I bless you
And you bless me too"
"357" "Hark! the herald angels sing
\"Glory to the newborn King
Peace on earth and mercy mild,
God and sinners reconciled!\"
Joyful, all ye nations rise;
Join the triumph of the skies;
With angelic host proclaim
\"Christ is born in Bethlehem!\"
Hark! the herald angels sing
\"Glory to the newborn King!\"
Christ, by highest heaven adored;
Christ the everlasting Lord;
Late in time behold Him come,
Offspring of a virgin's womb
Veiled in flesh, the Godhead see;
Hail the incarnate Deity
Pleased as man with men to dwell,
Jesus, our Emmanuel
Hark! the herald angels sing,
\"Glory to the newborn King\"
Hail! the heaven-born Prince of Peace!
Hail! the Son of Righteousness!
Light and life to all He brings,
Risen with healing in His wings.
Mild He lays His glory by,
Born that man no more may die;
Born to raise the sons of earth,
Born to give them second birth
Hark! the herald angels sing,
\"Glory to the newborn King\"
Joyful, all ye nations rise;
Join the triumph of the skies;
With angelic host proclaim
\"Christ is born in Bethlehem!\"
Hark! the herald angels sing
\"Glory to the newborn King!\"
Hark! the herald angels sing
\"Glory to the newborn King!\""
"358" "Sleigh bells ring, are you listening,
In the lane, snow is glistening
A beautiful sight,
We're happy tonight,
Walking in a winter wonderland.
Gone away is the bluebird,
Here to stay is the new bird
He sings a love song,
As we go along,
Walking in a winter wonderland.
In the meadow we can build a snowman,
Then pretend that he is Parson Brown
He'll say: Are you married?
We'll say: No man,
But you can do the job
When you're in town.
Later on, we'll conspire,
As we dream by the fire
To face unafraid,
The plans that we've made,
Walking in a winter wonderland.
In the meadow we can build a snowman,
And pretend that he's a circus clown
We'll have lots of fun with mister snowman,
Until the other kids knock him down.
Sleigh bells ring, are you listening,
In the lane, snow is glistening
A beautiful sight,
We're happy tonight,
Walking in a winter wonderland."
"359" "I dreaming tonight
Of a place I love
Even more than I usually do
And although I know
It's a long road back
I promise you
I'll be home for Christmas
You can count on me
Please have snow and mistletoe
And presents on the tree
Christmas Eve will find me
Where the love light gleams
I'll be home for Christmas
If only in my dreams
I'll be home for Christmas
You can count on me
Please have snow and mistletoe
And presents on the tree
Christmas Eve will find me
Where the love light gleams
I'll be home for Christmas
If only in my dreams
If only in my dreams"
"360" ""
"361" "Hark! the herald angels sing
\"Glory to the newborn King
Peace on earth and mercy mild,
God and sinners reconciled!\"
Joyful, all ye nations rise;
Join the triumph of the skies;
With angelic host proclaim
\"Christ is born in Bethlehem!\"
Hark! the herald angels sing
\"Glory to the newborn King!\"
Christ, by highest heaven adored;
Christ the everlasting Lord;
Late in time behold Him come,
Offspring of a virgin's womb
Veiled in flesh, the Godhead see;
Hail the incarnate Deity
Pleased as man with men to dwell,
Jesus, our Emmanuel
Hark! the herald angels sing,
\"Glory to the newborn King\"
Hail! the heaven-born Prince of Peace!
Hail! the Son of Righteousness!
Light and life to all He brings,
Risen with healing in His wings.
Mild He lays His glory by,
Born that man no more may die;
Born to raise the sons of earth,
Born to give them second birth
Hark! the herald angels sing,
\"Glory to the newborn King\"
Joyful, all ye nations rise;
Join the triumph of the skies;
With angelic host proclaim
\"Christ is born in Bethlehem!\"
Hark! the herald angels sing
\"Glory to the newborn King!\"
Hark! the herald angels sing
\"Glory to the newborn King!\""
"362" ""
"363" "Long time ago in Bethlehem, so the Holy Bible says,
Mary's boy child Jesus Christ, was born on Christmas Day.
Hark, now hear the angels sing, a new king born today,
And man will live for evermore, because of Christmas Day.
While shepherds watch their flocks by night,
They saw a bright new shining star,
And hear a choir from heaven sing, the music came from afar.
Hark, now hear the angels sing, a new king born today,
And man will live for evermore, because of Christmas Day.
Now Joseph and his wife, Mary, came to Bethlehem that night,
They found no place to bear her child, not a single room was in sight.
Hark, now hear the angels sing, a new king born today,
And man will live for evermore, because of Christmas Day.
By and by they found a nook in a stable all forlorn,
And in a manger cold and dark, Mary's little child was born.
Trumpets sound and angels sing
Listen to what they say
That man will live for evermore
Because of Christmas day
Hark, now hear the angels sing, a new king born today,
And man will live for evermore, because of Christmas Day.
And man will live for evermore, because of Christmas Day."
"364" "Should auld acquaintance be forgot,
And never brought to mind?
Should auld acquaintance be forgot,
For auld lang syne?
For auld lang syne, my dear,
For auld lang syne,
We'll take a cup of kindness yet,
For auld lang syne.
And surely ye'll be your pint-stowp,
And surely I'll be mine!
And we'll take a cup of kindness yet,
For auld lang syne.
For auld lang syne, my dear,
For auld lang syne,
We'll take a cup of kindness yet,
For auld lang syne.
We two have run about the braes,
And pu'd the gowans fine;
But we've wandered many a weary fit
Since auld lang syne.
For auld lang syne, my dear,
For auld lang syne,
We'll take a cup of kindness yet,
For auld lang syne.
We two have paddled in the burn,
From morning sun till dine;
But seas between us braid have roared
Since auld lang syne.
For auld lang syne, my dear,
For auld lang syne,
We'll take a cup of kindness yet,
For auld lang syne."
"365" ""
"366" "What Child is this, who laid to rest,
On Mary's lap is sleeping?
Whom angels greet with anthems sweet
While shepherds watch are keeping?
O Raise, raise, the song on high,
His mother sings a lullaby:
Joy o joy for Christ is born,
The Babe, the Son of Mary
This, this is Christ the King
Whom shepherds guard and angels sing.
Haste, haste to bring Him laud,
The Babe, the Son of Mary.
This, this is Christ the King
Whom shepherds guard and angels sing.
Haste, haste to bring Him laud,
The Babe, the Son of Mary.
So bring Him incense, gold and myrrh;
Come peasant, king to own Him.
The King of Kings salvation brings;
Let loving hearts enthrone Him.
This, this is Christ the King
Whom shepherds guard and angels sing.
Haste, haste to bring Him laud,
The Babe, the Son of Mary.
This, this is Christ the King
Whom shepherds guard and angels sing.
Haste, haste to bring Him laud,
The Babe, the Son of Mary.
This, this is Christ the King
Whom shepherds guard and angels sing.
Haste, haste to bring Him laud,
The Babe, the Son of Mary.
The Babe, the Son of Mary."
"367" "In the bleak midwinter
Frosty wind made moan;
Earth stood hard as iron--
Water like a stone.
Snow had fallen, snow on snow, snow on snow;
In the bleak midwinter--long ago.
What can I give Him
Poor as I am?
If I were a shepherd
I would give a lamb.
If I were a wise man
I would do my part;
What I can, I give Him--
Give Him my heart."
"368" "We three kings of orient are,
Bearing gifts we traverse afar
Field and fountain,
Moor and mountain,
Following yonder star.
Born a King on Bethlehem's plain,
Gold I bring to crown Him again
King for ever, ceasing never
Over us all to reign.
O star of wonder, star of night,
Star with royal beauty bright.
Westward leading, still proceeding,
Guide us to thy perfect light.
O star of wonder, star of night,
Star with royal beauty bright.
Westward leading, still proceeding,
Guide us to thy perfect light.
Glorious now behold Him arise,
King and God and Sacrifice!
Al-le-lu-ia, al-le-lu-ia,
Heaven to earth replies.
O star of wonder, star of night,
Star with royal beauty bright.
Westward leading, still proceeding,
Guide us to thy perfect light."
"369" ""
"370" "Good tidings we bring
To you and your kin;
Good tidings for Christmas
And a happy New Year!
We wish you a Merry Christmas
We wish you a Merry Christmas
We wish you a Merry Christmas
And a happy New Year.
Bring us pudding
Bring us pudding
Bring us pudding
And a cup of good cheer
We won't go 'til we get some
We won't go 'til we get some
We won't go until we get some
So bring it out here!
We wish you a Merry Christmas
We wish you a Merry Christmas
We wish you a Merry Christmas
And a happy New Year
And a happy New Year
We wish you a Merry Christmas
We wish you a Merry Christmas
We wish you a Merry Christmas
And a happy New Year.
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas
Good tidings we bring
To you and your kin;
Good tidings for Christmas
And a happy New Year!
We wish you a Merry Christmas
We wish you a Merry Christmas
We wish you a Merry Christmas
And a happy New Year
Good tidings we bring
To you and your kin;
And a happy New Year!"
"371" "You better watch out
You better not cry
Better not pout
I'm telling you why
Santa Claus is coming to town
He's making a list,
And checking it twice;
Gonna find out who's naughty or nice.
Santa Claus is coming to town
You better watch out
You better not cry
Better not pout
I'm telling you why
Santa Claus is coming to town
He sees you when you're sleeping
He knows when you're awake
He knows if you've been bad or good
So be good for goodness sake!
Oh! You better watch out!
You better not cry.
Better not pout, I'm telling you why.
Santa Claus is coming
Santa Claus is coming, to town.
Little toy dolls
That cuddle and coo
Elephants, boats and kid cars too
Santa Claus is coming to town
He sees you when you're sleeping
He knows when you're awake
He knows when you've been bad or good
So be good for goodness sake!
Oh! You better watch out!
You better not cry.
Better not pout, I'm telling you why.
Santa Claus is coming
Santa Claus is coming, to town.
He's making a list
Checking it twice
Gonna find out who's naughty and nice
Santa Claus is coming
Santa Claus is coming
Santa Claus is coming, to town
Better not pout, I'm telling you why.
Santa Claus is coming
Santa Claus is coming
Santa Claus is coming, to town
To town"
"372" "Joy to the world! The Lord is come.
Let earth receive her King
Let every heart
Prepare Him room
And heaven and nature sing
And heaven and nature sing
And heaven and heaven and nature sing
Joy to the world, the Savior reigns
Let men their songs employ
While fields and floods
Rocks, hills and plains
Repeat the sounding joy
Repeat the sounding joy
Repeat, repeat, the sounding joy
He rules the world with truth and grace,
And makes the nations prove
The glories of His righteousness,
And wonders of His love;
And wonders of His love;
And wonders, wonders of His love.
Joy to the world! The Lord is come.
Let earth receive her King
Let every heart
Prepare Him room
And heaven and nature sing
And heaven and nature sing
And heaven and heaven and nature sing
And heaven and heaven and nature sing"
"373" "May it be an evening star
Shines down upon you
May it be as darkness falls
Your heart will be true
You walk a lonely road
Oh, how far you are from home
Morni? ut?li? (Darkness has come)
Believe and you will find your way
Morni? alanti? (Darkness has fallen)
A promise lives within you now
May it be the shadows call
Will fly away
May it be your journey on
To light the day
When the night is overcome
You may rise to find the sun
Morni? ut?li? (Darkness has come)
Believe and you will find your way
Morni? alanti? (Darkness has fallen)
A promise lives within you now"
"374" "Nella fantasia io vedo un mondo giusto
Li tutti vivono in pace e in onest
Io sogno d'anime che sono sempre libere
Come le nuvole che volano
Pien' d'umanit in fondo all'anima
Nella fantasia esiste un vento caldo
Che soffia sulle citt, come amico
Io sogno d'anime che sono sempre libere
Come le nuvole che volano
Pien' d'umanit in fondo all'anima"
"375" "This evening the moon dreams more lazily
As some fair woman, lost in cushions deep
With gentle hand caresses listlessly
The contour of her breasts before she sleeps
On velvet backs of avalanches soft
She often lies enraptured as she dies
And gazes on white visions aloft
Which like a blossoming to heaven rise
When sometimes on this globe, in indolence
She lets a secret tear drop down, by chance
A poet, set against oblivion
Takes in his hand this pale and furtive tear
This opal drop where rainbow hues appear
And hides it in his breast far from the sun"
"376" "Someday, when we are wiser
When the world's older
When we have learned
I pray someday we may yet
Live to live and let live
Someday, life will be fairer
Need will be rarer
And greed will not pay
Godspeed this bright millenum
On it's way, let it come someday
Someday, our fight will be won then,
We'll stand in the sun then
That the bright afternoon
'Til then, on days when the sun is gone
We'll hang on, if we wish upon the moon
There are some days, dark and bitter
Seems we haven't got a prayer
But a prayer for something better
Is the one thing we all share
Someday, when we are wiser
When the world is older
When we have love
And I pray someday we may yet
Live to live and one day, someday
Someday, life will be fairer
Need will be rarer
And greed will not pay
Godspeed this bright millennium
Let it come
If we wish upon the moon
One day
Someday
Soon"
"377" "Siil, siil, siil a rin
Siil go sochair agus siil go ciin
Siil go doras agus alaigh liom
[Chorus:]
Siil, siil, siil a rin
Siil go sochair agus siil go ciin
Siil go doras agus alaigh liom
Is go dt t mo mhirnn sln
I wish I was on yonder hill
'Tis there I'd sit and cry my fill
Until every tear would turn a mill
I'll sell my rock, I'll sell my reel
I'll sell my only spinning wheel
To buy my love a sword of steel
[Chorus]
I'll dye my petticoats, I'll dye them red
And 'round the world I'll beg my bread
Until my parents shall wish me dead"
"378" "When I am down and, oh my soul, so weary;
When troubles come and my heart burdened be;
Then, I am still and wait here in the silence,
Until you come and sit awhile with me.
You raise me up, so I can stand on mountains;
You raise me up, to walk on stormy seas;
I am strong, when I am on your shoulders;
You raise me up: To more than I can be.
You raise me up, so I can stand on mountains;
You raise me up, to walk on stormy seas;
I am strong, when I am on your shoulders;
You raise me up: To more than I can be.
There is no life - no life without its hunger;
Each restless heart beats so imperfectly;
But when you come and I am filled with wonder,
Sometimes, I think I glimpse eternity.
You raise me up, so I can stand on mountains;
You raise me up, to walk on stormy seas;
I am strong, when I am on your shoulders;
You raise me up: To more than I can be.
You raise me up, so I can stand on mountains;
You raise me up, to walk on stormy seas;
I am strong, when I am on your shoulders;
You raise me up: To more than I can be.
You raise me up: To more than I can be."
"379" "[Chorus:]
'S do mhaimeo , 's do mhaimeo
'S do mhaimeo cailleach an airgid
'S do mhaimeo Bhail' Iorrais Mhoir
'S chuir-feadh s coisti 'r bhoithre Chois Fharraige
'bhFeicfesa 'n \"steam\" 'ga'l siar Tin U Loing'
'S na rotha gh'l timpeall siar na ceathrna
Caithfeadh s'nstiir naoi n-uair'ar a cl
'S n choinneodh s sil le cailleach an airgid
[Chorus]
'Measann t 'bposfaidh, 'measann t 'bposfaidh
'Measann t 'bposfaidh cailleach an airgid?
T 's a'm nach 'bposfaidh, t 's a'm nach 'bposfaidh
Mar ta se ro-og 'gus d'olfadh se'n t-airgead
[Chorus]
'S gairid go 'bposfaidh, 's gairid go 'bposfaidh
'S gairid go 'bposfaidh beirt ar an mbaile seo
'S gairid go 'bposfaidh, 's gairid go 'bposfaidh
Sean Sheamais Mhoir agus Maire Ni Chathasaigh
[Repeat]
[Chorus twice]
[English Translation:]
[Chorus:]
She's your granny, she's your granny
She's your granny, the hag with the money
She's your granny from the town of Iorrais Mr
And she would put coaches on the roads of Cois Farraige
If you'd see the steam boat going past Tin U Loing'
And the wheels turning speedily at her flanks
She'd scatter the store nine times to the rear
But she never keeps pace with the hag with the money
[Chorus]
Do you reckon he'd marry, do you reckon he'd marry
Do you reckon he'd marry the hag with the money?
I know he'll not marry, I know he'll not marry
Because he's too young and he'll drink the money
[Chorus]
We'll soon have a wedding, we'll soon have a wedding
We'll soon have a wedding by two in the village
We'll soon have a wedding, we'll soon have a wedding
Between San Seamais Mor and Maire Ni Chathasaigh
[Repeat]
[Chorus twice]"
"380" "Let me sail, let me sail, let the Orinoco flow,
Let me reach, let me beach on the shores of Tripoli.
Let me sail, let me sail, let me crash upon your shore,
Let me reach, let me beach far beyond the Yellow Sea.
(Sail away, sail away, sail away) (sail away, sail away, sail away)
(Sail away, sail away, sail away) (sail away, sail away, sail away)
From Bissau to Palau, in the shade of Avalon,
From Fiji to Tiree and the Isles of Ebony,
From Peru to Cebu hear the power of Babylon,
From Bali to Cali, far beneath the Coral Sea.
(Sail away, sail away, sail away) (sail away, sail away, sail away)
(Sail away, sail away, sail away) (sail away, sail away, sail away)
From the North to the South, Ebudae into Khartoum,
From the deep sea of Clouds to the island of the moon,
Carry me on the waves to the lands I've never been,
Carry me on the waves to the lands I've never seen.
Sail away, sail away, sail away
Sail away, sail away, sail away
We can sail, we can sail (With the Orinoco flow)
We can sail, we can sail (sail away, sail away)
We can steer, we can near with Rob Dickins at the wheel,
We can sigh, say goodbye Ross and his dependencies
We can sail, we can sail (sail away. sail away)
(We can reach we can beach, on the shores of Tripoli)
We can sail, we can sail (sail away, sail away, sail away)
(From Bali to Cali, far beneath the Coral Sea.)
We can sail, we can sail (sail away, sail away, sail away)
We can sail, we can sail (sail away, sail away, sail away)
(Sail away, sail away, sail away)
(Sail away, sail away, sail away)
(Sail away, sail away, sail away)"
"381" "Walking in the air
Floating in the sky
Floating in the air
We're walking in the air
We're floating in the moonlit sky
The people far below are sleeping as we fly
We're holding very tight
I'm riding in the midnight blue
And finding I can fly so high above with you
All across the world
The villages go by like dreams
The rivers and the hills, the forests and the streams
Children gaze open-mouthed
Taken by surprise
Nobody down below, believes their eyes
We're surfing in the air
We're swimming in the frozen sky
We're drifting over icy mountains floating by
Suddenly swooping low
On an ocean deep
Rising up a mighty monster from his sleep
We're walking in the air
We're dancing in the midnight sky
And everyone who sees us greets us as we fly"
"382" "I hear a baby crying
A sad sound, a lonely sound
I want to take her in my arms
And then I dry away all her tears
I see a boy who's frightened
A young boy with old eyes
I long to say you're welcome here
You can be happy now that you're warm
We're all a part of one world
We all can share the same dream
And if you just reach out to me
Then you will find deep down inside
I'm just like you
Loud voices raised in anger
Speak harsh words such cruel words
Why do they speak so selfishly
When we have got so much we can share?
So let your hearts be open
And reach out with all your love
There are no strangers now
They are our brothers now and we are one
We're all a part of one world
We all can share the same dream
And if you just reach out to me
Then you will find deep down inside
I'm just like you
We're all a part of one world
We all can share the same dream
And if you just reach out to me
Then you will find deep down inside
I'm just like you, I'm just like you"
"383" "I've met some folks who say that I'm a dreamer
And I've no doubt there's truth in what they say
But sure a body's bound to be a dreamer
When all the things he loves are far away
And precious things are dreams unto an exile
They take him o'er the land across the sea
Especially when it happens he's an exile
From that dear lovely Isle of Inisfree
And when the moonlight peeps across the rooftops
Of this great city, wondrous though it be
I scarcely feel its wonder or its laughter
I'm once again back home in Inisfree
I wander o'er green hills through dreamy valleys
And find a peace no other land would know
I hear the birds make music fit for angels
And watch the rivers laughing as they flow
And then into a humble shack I wander
My dear old home and tenderly behold
The folks I love around the turf fire, gathered
On bended knees, their rosary is told
But dreams don't last
Though dreams are not forgotten
And soon I'm back to stern reality
But though they pave the footways here with gold dust
I still would choose my Isle of Inisfree"
"384" "When the light begins to fade
And shadows fall across the sea,
One bright star in the evening sky
Your love's light leads me on my way
There's a dream that will not sleep,
A burning hope that will not die
So I must go now with the wind,
And leave you waiting on the tide
Time to fly, time to touch the sky
One voice alone, a haunting cry
One song, one star burning bright,
May it carry me through darkest night
Rain comes over the gray hills,
And on the air, a soft goodbye
Hear the song that I sing to you
When the time has come to fly"
"385" "Ave Maria,
Gratia plena, Dominus tecum.
Benedicta tu in mulieribus,
Et benedictus, fructus ventris tui, Jesus.
Sancta Maria, sancta Maria, Maria,
Ora pro nobis, nobis peccatoribus,
Nunc et in hora, in hora mortis nostrae.
Amen. Amen."
"386" "Imtheochaidh soir is siar
A dtainig ariamh
An ghealach is an ghrian
Fol lol the doh fol the day
Fol the doh fol the day
Imtheochaidh an ghealach's an ghrian
An Daoine og is a chail 'na dhiadh
Fol lol the doh fol the day
Fol the doh fol the day
Fol lol the doh fol the day
Fol the doh fol the day
Imtheochaidh a dtainig ariamh
An duine og is a chail ne dhiadh
Fol lol the doh fol the day
Fol the doh fol the day
I will go east and go west
(To the places) from whence came
The moon and the sun
The moon and the sun will go
And the young man
With his reputation behind him
I will go wherever he came from
The young man with his reputation behind him"
"387" "Take the wave now and know that you're free
Turn you back on the land face the sea
Face the wind now so wild and so strong
When you think of me, wave to me, and send me a song
Don't look back when you reach the new shore
Don't forget what you're leaving me for
Don't forget when your missing these souls
Love must never hold never hold tight but let go
O the nights will be long
When I'm not in your arms
But I'll be in the song
That you sing to me across the sea
Somehow someday
You'll be faraway so far from me
And maybe one day I will follow you
In all you do
'Till then send me a song
When the sun sets the water will fire
When the winds swells the sails ever higher
Let the call of the bird on the wind
Calm your sadness and lonleness
And then start to sing to me
I will sing to you if you promise
To send me a song
I'll walk by the shore and I hear
Hear your song come so faint and so clear
And I catch it a breath on the wind
And I smile and I sing you song
I will send you a song
I will sing you a song
I will sing to you if you promise to send me a song"
"388" "Words by Grian MacGregor
Music by Jay Ungar
The sun is sinking low in the sky above Ashokan.
The pines and the willows know soon we will part.
There's a whisper in the wind of promises unspoken,
And a love that will always remain in my heart.
My thoughts will return to the sound of your laughter,
The magic of moving as one,
And a time we'll remember long ever after
The moonlight and music and dancing are done.
Will we climb the hills once more?
Will we walk the woods together?
Will I feel you holding me close once again?
Will every song we've sung stay with us forever?
Will you dance in my dreams or my arms until then?
Under the moon the mountains lie sleeping
Over the lake the stars shine.
They wonder if you and I will be keeping
The magic and music, or leave them behind.
1983 and 1991 by Swinging Door Music-BMI, PO Box 49, Saugerties, NY 1247"
"389" "My young love said to me, \"My mother won't mind
And my father won't slight you for your lack of kind.\"
Then she stepped away from me and this she did say:
\"It will not be long, love, till our wedding day.\"
She stepped away from me and she moved thru' the fair
And fondly I watched her move here and move there.
And she made her way homeward with one star awake
As swan in the evening moves over the lake.
Last night, She came to me, She came softly in
So softly she came that her feet made no din,
And she laid her hand on me and this she did say:
\"It will not be long, love, till our wedding day.\""
"390" "Oh Danny boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling
From glen to glen, and down the mountain side
The summer's gone, and all the roses falling
'Tis you, 'tis you must go and I must bide.
But come ye back when summer's in the meadow
Or when the valley's hushed and white with snow
'Tis I'll be here in sunshine or in shadow
Oh Danny boy, oh Danny boy, I love you so.
But when he come, and all the flowers are dying
If I am dead, as dead I well may be
You'll come and find the place where I am lying
And kneel and say an \"Ave\" there for me.
And I shall hear, tho' soft you tread above me
And all my grave will warm and sweeter be
For you will bend and tell me that you love me
And I shall sleep in peace until you come to me."
"391" "O, America you're calling,
I can hear you calling me,
You are calling me to be true to thee,
True to thee I will be.
O, America no weeping,
Let me heal your wounded heart.
I will keep you in my keeping,
Till there be, a new start.
And I will answer you, and I will take your hand,
And lead you to the sun
And I will stand by you, do all that I can do,
And we will be as one.
O, America I hear you,
From your prairies to the sea,
From your mountains grand, and all through this land,
You are beautiful to me.
And, O, America you're calling,
I can hear you calling me,
You are calling me to be true to thee,
True to thee, I will be.
And I will answer you, and I will take your hand,
And lead you, to the sun
And I will stand by you, do all that I can do,
And we will be, as one
O, America you're calling,
I will ever answer thee."
"392" "Chuaigh m isteach i dteach arir
is d'iarr m cairde ar mhnaoi an leanna.
Is dirt s liom \"N bhfaighidh t deor.
Buail an bthar is gabh abhaile
I came by a house last night
And told the woman I am staying
I said to her:
\"The moon is bright and my fiddles tuned for playing\"
Tell me that the night is long
Tell me that the moon is glowing
Fill my glass I'll sing a song
And will start the music flowing
Never mind the rising light
There's no sign of day or dawning
In my heart it's still the night
And we'll stay here till the morning
[Chorus:]
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
It's not day nor yet awhile
I can see the starlight shining
Nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
Fill the glasses one more time
And never heed the empty bottle
Turn the water into wine
And turn the party up full throttle
Don't go out into the cold
Where the wind and rain are blowing
For the fire is flaming gold
And in here the music's flowing
[Chorus]
Tell me that the night is long
Tell me that the moon is gleaming
Fill my glass, I'll sing a song
And we'll keep the music streaming
Until all the songs are sung
[Chorus 2x]
[Drum Solo]
[Chorus 2x]"
"393" "Chuaigh m isteach i dteach arir
is d'iarr m cairde ar mhnaoi an leanna.
Is dirt s liom \"N bhfaighidh t deor.
Buail an bthar is gabh abhaile
I came by a house last night
And told the woman I am staying
I said to her:
\"The moon is bright and my fiddles tuned for playing\"
Tell me that the night is long
Tell me that the moon is glowing
Fill my glass, I'll sing a song
And will start the music flowing
Never mind the rising light
There's no sign of day or dawning
In my heart it's still the night
And we'll stay here till the morning
Chorus:
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
It's not day nor yet awhile
I can see the starlight shining
Nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
Fill the glasses one more time
And never heed the empty bottle
Turn the water into wine
And turn the party up full throttle
Don't go out into the cold
Where the wind and rain are blowing
For the fire is flamming gold
And in here the music's flowing
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
Tell me that the night is long
Tell me that the moon is gleaming
Fill my glass, I'll sing a song
And we'll keep the music streaming
Until all the songs are sung
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
(Drum Solo)
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh"
"394" "See her as she flies
Golden sails across the sky
Close enough to touch
But careful if you try
Though she looks as warm as gold
The moon's a harsh mistress
The moon can be so cold
Once the sun did shine
And lord it felt so fine
The moon a phantom rose
Through the mountains and the pine
And then the darkness fell
The moon's a harsh mistress
It's hard to love her well
I fell out of her eyes
I fell out of her heart
I fell down on my face, yes I did
And I tripped and I missed my star
And I fell and fell alone
The moon's a harsh mistress
The sky is made of stone
The moon's a harsh mistress
She's hard to call your own"
"395" "Onda blu, dove vai
Non lo chiedero
Cio che tu perderai
Non lo cerchero
Cerchi di sfociare
Corri sempre giu
Quando trov il mare
Fiume non c' piu
Wave of blue, long ago
Nothing but a stream
Rushing through mountain dew
To the sea's cold gleam
Nothing but a stream
Towards the ocean dream
Nata dal cielo
Day by day, deeper now
Al di l per quel
Songo sempre piu
Al di la delle colline
Scorri oltre il confine
Fiume non c' piu
Rolling wave, calling now
Voices clear and pure
Find the way home somehow
Find the way for sure
Quando vuoi sfoccare
Scorri sempre giu
Finche trov il mare
Finche non sei piu
Wave of green, wave of blue
Flowing home
Non sei piu"
"396" "Goodnight my angel.
Time to close your eyes.
And save these questions for another day.
I think I know what you've been asking me.
I think you know what I've been trying to say.
I promise I would never leave you.
And you should always know, I never will be far away.
Goodnight my angel, now it's time to sleep.
And still so many things I want to say.
Remember all the songs you sang for me.
When we went sailing on a emerald bay.
And like a boat out on the ocean.
I'm rocking you to sleep.
The water is dark and deep inside this mother's heart.
You'll always be a part of me.
Goodnight my angel, now it's time to dream.
And dream how wonder your life will be.
Some day a child may cry and if you sing this lullaby.
Then in your heart there will always be a part of me."
"397" "Where Lagan stream sings lullaby
There blows a lily fair
The twilight gleam is in her eye
The night is on her hair
And like a love-sick lennan-shee
She has my heart in thrall
Nor life I owe nor liberty
With love is lord of all.
And sometimes when the beetle's horn
Hath lulled the eve to sleep
I steal unto her shielding lorn
And through the dooring peep.
There on the cricket's singing stone,
She spares the bogwood fire,
And hums in sad sweet undertones
The song of heart's desire
The song of heart's desire."
"398" "Goodnight my angel.
Time to close your eyes.
And save these questions for another day.
I think I know what you've been asking me.
I think you know what I've been trying to say.
I promise I would never leave you.
And you should always know, I never will be far away.
Goodnight my angel, now it's time to sleep.
And still so many things I want to say.
Remember all the songs you sang for me.
When we went sailing on a emerald bay.
And like a boat out on the ocean.
I'm rocking you to sleep.
The water is dark and deep inside this mother's heart.
You'll always be a part of me.
Goodnight my angel, now it's time to dream.
And dream how wonder your life will be.
Some day a child may cry and if you sing this lullaby.
Then in your heart there will always be a part of me."
"399" "Amazing Grace, How sweet the sound
That saved a wretch like me
I once was lost, but now am found
T'was blind but now I see
T'was Grace that taught my heart to fear
And Grace, my fears relieved
How precious did that grace appear
The hour I first believed
Through many dangers, toils and snares
We have already come.
T'was grace that brought us safe thus far
And grace will lead us home,
And grace will lead us home
Amazing grace, Howe Sweet the sound
That saved a wretch like me
I once was lost but now am found
T'was blind but now I see"
"400" "If you ever go across the sea to Ireland,
Then maybe at the closing of your day,
You can sit and watch the moon rise over Claddagh,
And see the sun go down on Galway Bay.
Just to hear again the ripple of the trout stream,
The women in the meadow making hay,
Just to sit beside the turf fire in a cabin,
And watch the barefoot gosoons as they play.
Ooh
For the breezes blowing o'er the sea's from Ireland,
Are perfumed by the heather as they blow,
And the women in the uplands digging praties,
Speak a language that the strangers do not know.
Yet the strangers came and tried to teach us their ways,
And they scorned us just for being what we are,
But they might as well go chasin' after moon beams,
Or light a penny candle from a star.
And if there's gonna be a life here after,
And faith somehow I'm sure there's gonna be,
I will ask my God to let me make my Heaven,
In that dear land across the Irish sea.
I will ask my God to let me make my Heaven,
In my dear land across the Irish sea.
Ooh
In my dear land across the Irish sea."
"401" "O, America you're calling,
I can hear you calling me,
You are calling me to be true to thee,
True to thee I will be.
O, America no weeping,
Let me heal your wounded heart.
I will keep you in my keeping,
Till there be, a new start.
And I will answer you, and I will take your hand,
And lead you to the sun
And I will stand by you, do all that I can do,
And we will be as one.
O, America I hear you,
From your prairies to the sea,
From your mountains grand, and all through this land,
You are beautiful to me.
And, O, America you're calling,
I can hear you calling me,
You are calling me to be true to thee,
True to thee, I will be.
And I will answer you, and I will take your hand,
And lead you, to the sun
And I will stand by you, do all that I can do,
And we will be, as one
O, America you're calling,
I will ever answer thee."
"402" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"403" "On the first day on January,
Eighteen ninety-two,
They opened Ellis Island and they let
The people through.
And the first to cross the threshold
Of that isle of hope and tears,
Was Annie Moore from Ireland
Who was all of fifteen years.
[Chorus]
Isle of hope, isle of tears,
Isle of freedom, isle of fears,
But it's not the isle you left behind.
That isle of hunger, isle of pain,
Isle you'll never see again
But the isle of home is always on your mind.
In a little bag she carried
All her past and history,
And her dreams for the future
In the land of liberty.
And courage is the passport
When your old world disappears
But there's no future in the past
When you're fifteen years
[Chorus]
When they closed down Ellis Island
In nineteen forty-three,
Seventeen million people
Had come there for sanctuary.
And in springtime when I came here
And I stepped onto it's piers,
I thought of how it must have been
When you're fifteen years.
[Chorus]"
"404" "Many nights we've prayed
With no proof anyone could hear
In our hearts a hopeful song
We barely understood
Now we are not afraid
Although we know there's much to fear
We were moving mountains long
Before we knew we could
There can be miracles, when you believe
Though hope is frail, it's hard to kill
Who knows what miracles you can achieve
When you believe, somehow you will
You will when you believe
In this time of fear
When prayers so often prove(s) in vain
Hope seems like the summer birds
Too swiftly flown away
Yet now I'm standing here
My heart's so full I can't explain
Seeking faith and speaking words
I never thought I'd say
There can be miracles, when you believe
Though hope is frail, it's hard to kill
Who knows what miracles you can achieve
When you believe, somehow you will
You will when you believe
They don't (always happen) when you ask
(Oh)
And it's easy to give in to your fears
(Oh, oh)
But when you're blinded by your pain
Can't see your way straight thought the rain
(A small but) still resilient voice
Says (hope is very near)
(Oh)
There can be miracles
(Miracles)
When you believe
(Lord, when you believe)
Though hope is frail
(Though hope is frail)
It's hard to kill
(Hard to kill, oh)
Who knows what miracles, you can achieve
When you believe, somehow you will (somehow, somehow, somehow)
Somehow you will
You will when you believe
You will when you
You will when you believe
Just believe, in your heart
Just believe
You will when you believe"
"405" "I see your true colours shining through
I see your true colours that's why I love you
So don't be afraid to let them show
Your true colours, true colours shining through
You with the sad eyes, don't be discouraged
Oh, I realize it's hard to take courage
In a world full of people, you can lose sight of it all
And the darkness inside you makes you feel so small
But I see your true colours shining through
I see your true colours and that's why I love you
So don't be afraid to let them show
Your true colours, true colours are beautiful
Like a rainbow
So sad eyes take courage now and realize
When this world makes you crazy
And you've taken all you can bear
Just call me up because you know I'll be there
And I see your true colours shining through
I see your colours and that's why I love you
So don't be afraid to let them show
Your true colours, true colours are beautiful
Oh, like a rainbow
You're beautiful, you're beautiful
Your true colours are beautiful
Like a rainbow"
"406" "You'll remember me when the west wind moves
Among the fields of barley
You can tell the sun in his jealous sky
When we walked in fields of gold
So she took her love for to gaze awhile
Among the fields of barley
In his arms she fell as her hair came down
Among the fields of gold
Will you stay with me will you be my love
Among the fields of barley
And you can tell the sun in his jealous sky
When we walked in fields of gold
I never made promises lightly
And there have been some that I've broken
But I swear in the days still left
We will walk in fields of gold
We'll walk in fields of gold
I never made promises lightly
And there have been some that I've broken
But I swear in the days still left
We will walk in fields of gold
We'll walk in fields of gold
Many years have passed since those summer days
Among the fields of barley
See the children run as the sun goes down
As you lie in fields of gold
You'll remember me when the west wind moves
Among the fields of barley
You can tell the sun in his jealous sky
When we walked in fields of gold
When we walked in fields of gold
When we walked in fields of gold"
"407" "Now let the day just slip away
So the dark night may watch over you
Velvet blue, silent true
It embraces your heart and your soul
Nocturne
Never cry, never sigh
You don't have to wonder why
Always be, always see
Come and dream the night with me
Nocturne
Have no fear
When the night draws near
And fills you with dreams and desire
Like a child asleep so warm, so deep
You will find me there waiting for you
Nocturne
We will fly, claim the sky
We don't have to wonder why
Always be, always see
Come and dream the night with me
Nocturne"
"408" "When you're weary
Feeling small
When tears are in your eyes
I will dry them all
I'm on your side
When times get rough
And friends just can't be found
Like a bridge over troubled water
I will lay me down
Like a bridge over troubled water
I will lay me down
When you're down and out
When you're on the street
When evening falls so hard
I will comfort you
I'll take your part
When darkness comes
And pain is all around
Like a bridge over troubled water
I will lay me down
Like a bridge over troubled water
I will lay me down
Sail on Silver Girl
Sail on by
Your time has come to shine
All your dreams are on their way
See how they shine (See how they shine)
If you need a friend (If you need a friend)
I'm sailing right behind
Like a bridge over troubled water
I will ease your mind
Like a bridge over troubled water
I will ease your mind
I will ease your mind."
"409" "My heart is low, my heart is so low,
As only a woman's heart can be,
As only a woman, as only a woman's,
As only a woman's heart can know.
The tears that drip from my bewildered eyes,
Taste of bittersweet romance,
You're still in my hopes,
You're still on my mind oh,
And even though I'll manage on my own,
My heart is low, my heart is so low,
As only a woman's heart can be,
As only a woman, only a woman's,
As only a woman's heart can know.
When restless eyes reveal my troubled soul,
And memories flood my weary heart,
I mourn for my dreams,
I mourn for my wasted love,
And while I know that I'll survive alone.
My heart is low, oh my heart is so low,
As only a woman's heart can be,
As only a woman's, as only a woman's,
As only a woman's heart can know.
My heart is low, my heart is so low,
As only a woman's heart can be,
As only a woman's, as only a woman's,
As only a woman's heart can know.
My heart is low, oh my heart is so low,
As only a woman's heart can be,
As only a woman's,as only a woman's,
As only a woman's heart can know.
Only a woman's heart can know."
"410" "The water is wide, I can't cross o'er
And neither have I wings to fly
Give me a boat that can carry two
And we shall sail, my love and I
When love is gentle, and love is kind
The sweetest flower when first it's new
But love grows old and waxes cold
And fades away like morning dew
There is a ship, and she sails the sea
She's loaded deep, as deep can be
But not as deep as the love I'm in
I know not how I sink or swim
The water is wide, I can't cross o'er
And neither have I wings to fly
Give me a boat that can carry two
And we shall sail, my love and I"
"411" "Walking the night without you
Skies too high without you
Losing my way on silent roads without you
Long lone streets before me
No voice in the night to warn me
No sound of our songs
To bring you to me
Losing my way
Stars send me astray
Walking the night without you
Blind in sight without you
No song I learn
No way I turn
Brings you closer to me
Searching for songs without you
Moon so cold without you
Longing to be near
Straining to hear
A song from you
Walking the stars without you
It's calling through the dark
It's reeling in the heart
The sound of the pipes on the wind
The strains of the song
Carry me along
Sending me dancing again
From above and below
A sound soft and low
And the music's flowing through me like before
And the song that we once knew
Brings me back to you
Pipes play within me once more
Your songs are in my heart
They light the dark
So come give me your hand
Now and we'll dance tonight
In the blazing light
And the years will fade away
Fade as you play
Play through the dark
Play in my heart
I'm spinning with the sound
There a drumming in the ground
And the humming of the song beneath my skin
And the world falls away
As I hear the pipes play
Sounding the song from within
From within
Your songs are in my heart
They like a dart
So come give me your hand
Now and we'll dance tonight
In the blazing light
And the years will fade away
Fade as you play
Play through the dark
Play in my heart
There's a drumming in the ground
And the humming of a sound
That we once knew
Come sing through the night
Come fill me with your light
Play a song sounding out through the years
Play it steady and strong
Fill me with song
Sending me dancing, sending me dancing
Dance as the pipes play away in my heart
Come give me your hand tonight
Your star is bright
Your songs are in my heart!"
"412" "Black is the color of my true love's hair
Her lips are like some roses fair
She has the sweetest face
And the gentlest hands
And I love the ground where on she stands
I love my love and well she knows
I love the ground where on she goes
And how I wish the day would come
When she and I can be as one
Black is the color of my true love's hair
Her lips are like some roses fair
She has the sweetest face
And the gentlest hands
And I love the ground where on she stands
I love the ground where on she stands
Black is the color of my true love's hair
Her lips are like a rose so fair
She has the sweetest face
And the gentlest hands
And I love the ground where on she stands
I love the ground where on she stands
I love the ground where on she stands"
"413" "Look how the light of the town
the lights of the town are shining now
Tonight I'll be dancing around
I'm off on the road to Galway now
Look how she's off on the town
She's off on a search for sailors though
There's fine fellas here to be found
She's never been one to stay at home
Home you'll go and it's there you'll stay
And you've work to do in the morning
Give up your dream of going away
Forget your sailors in Galway
Tir abhaile ri, tir abhaile ri
Tir abhaile ri Mhearai
Tir abhail gus fan sa bhaile
Mar t do mhargadh danta
Come now and follow me down
Down to the lights of Galway where
There's fine sailors walking the town
And waiting to meet the ladies there
Watch now he'll soon be along
He's finer than any sailor so
Come on now pick up your spoons
He's waiting to hear you play them WHOOO!
Here today and she's gone tomorrow
And next she's going to Galway
Jiggin' around and off to town
And won't be back until morning
Tir abhaile ri, tir abhaile ri
Tir abhaile ri Mhearai
Tir abhail gus fan sa bhaile
Mar t do mhargadh danta
Off with a spring in my step
The sailors are searching Galway for
A young lady such as myself
For reels and jigs and maybe more
Stay here and never you mind
The lights of the town are blinding you
The sailors they come and they go
But listen to what's reminding you
Handsome men surrounding you
Dancing a reel around you
Home you'll go and it's there you'll stay
And you've work to do in the morning
Give up your dream of going away
Forget your sailors in Galway
Tir abhaile ri, tir abhaile ri
Tir abhaile ri Mhearai
Tir abhail gus fan sa bhaile
Mar t do mhargadh danta
Listen to the music flow
I'm falling for the flow of home
I'm home to dance till dawning
Tir abhaile ri, tir abhaile ri
Tir abhaile ri Mhearai
Tir abhail gus fan sa bhaile
Mar t do mhargadh danta
Stay a while and we'll dance together now
As the light is falling
We'll reel away till the break of day
And dance together till morning
Tir abhaile ri, tir abhaile ri
Tir abhaile ri Mhearai
Tir abhail gus fan sa bhaile
Mar t do mhargadh danta
Tir abhaile ri, tir abhaile ri
Tir abhaile ri Mhearai
Tir abhail gus fan sa bhaile
Mar t do mhargadh danta
do Mhargadh de - do mhargadh danta"
"414" "Of all the money that e'er I had
I spent it in good company
And all the harm I've ever done
Alas it was to none but me
And all I've done for want of wit
To mem'ry now I can't recall
So fill to me the parting glass
Good night and joy be to you all
So fill to me the parting glass
And drink a health whate'er befalls
And gently rise and softly call
Good night and joy be to you all
Of all the comrades that e'er I had
They're sorry for my going away
And all the sweethearts that e'er I had
They'd wish me one more day to stay
But since it fell unto my lot
That I should rise and you should not
I gently rise and softly call
Good night and joy be to you all
Fill to me the parting glass
And drink a health whate'er befalls
And gently rise and softly call
Good night and joy be to you all
La La
But since it fell unto my lot
That I should rise and you should not
I gently rise and softly call
Good night and joy be to you all
So fill to me the parting glass
And drink a health whate'er befalls
And gently rise and softly call
Good night and joy be to you all
Good night and joy be to you all."
"415" "When all is said and done,
You are the only one.
Shutters on the windows,
Chains upon the door,
Sleepless nights, been waiting for an answer,
Dreams of Heaven falling,
Panic in the town,
Lonely men with fingers on the future.
When all is said and done,
You are the only one.
Follow on,
For the open road is waiting,
Like the sun,
We will welcome what tomorrow has to bring.
Be it fair or stormy weather,
Take my hand,
And we'll walk the road together,
I won't mind,
If it turns out that we never find the end,
'Cause all I ask is that,
You want me as a friend.
Days of beauty calling,
Vanish through a haze,
Lost inside some spiral with no ending.
Still you bring me loving,
Free me with a touch
Lead me out to greet the calm descending
When all is said and done,
You are the only one.
Follow on,
For the open road is waiting,
Like the sun,
We will welcome what tomorrow has to bring.
Be it fair or stormy weather,
Take my hand,
And we'll walk the road together,
I won't mind,
If it turns out that we never find the end,
'Cause all I ask is that,
You want me as a friend.
All I ask is that you want me as a friend.
And we'll walk the road together,
I won't mind,
If it turns out that we never find the end,
'Cause all I ask is that,
You want me as a friend.
'Cause all I ask is that,
you want me as a friend.
When all is said and done,
You are the only one.
Follow on."
"416" "Now when the world is shadowed and dark
Now when the sky is empty of stars
Now when the world is wrapped in sleep
In a quiet endless and deep
In the silence of the night
Far off in the distance
A fire comes to life
A flicker of a flame breaks through the dark
Burning soft and bright
Dancing with the light
Awakening the Heavens and the Earth
Far across the ocean
A flame is rising high
Breaking through the shadows and the dark
Shining in the night
Rising with the light
Here to wake the Heavens and the Earth
Now as the light starts to rise
Now as the day opens wide
Now as the dreams slips away
You wake to the day
You wake to the light
Here as your dream falls away
Feel as the dark turns to day
Leave the shadows behind
And the dream called in blind
Turn into the light
Far off in the distance
A fire comes to life
A flicker of a flame breaks through the dark
Burning soft and bright
Dancing with the light
Awakening the Heavens and the Earth
Far across the ocean
A flame is rising high
Breaking through the shadows and the dark
Shining in the night
Rising with the light
Here to wake the Heavens and the Earth
Far off in the distance
A fire comes to life
A flicker of a flame breaks through the dark
Burning soft and bright
Dancing with the light
Awakening the Heavens and the Earth
Far across the ocean
A flame is rising high
Breaking through the shadows and the dark
Shining in the night
Rising with the light
Here to wake the Heavens and the Earth
Here to wake the Heavens and the Earth
To light"
"417" "When you walk through the storm
Hold your head up high
And don't be afraid of the dark
At the end of the storm is a golden sky
And the sweet silver song of the lark
Walk on, through the wind
Walk on, through the rain
Though your dreams be tossed and blown
Walk on, walk on, with hope in your heart
And you'll never walk alone
You'll never walk alone
When you walk through the storm
Hold your head up high
And don't be afraid of the dark
At the end of the storm is a golden sky
And the sweet silver song of the lark
Walk on, through the wind
Walk on, through the rain
Though your dreams be tossed and blown
Walk on, walk on, with hope in your heart
And you'll never walk alone
You'll never walk alone"
"418" "Sailing, I am sailing
Home again cross the sea
I am sailing stormy waters, to be near you
To be free
I am flying, I am flying
Like a bird across the sky
I am flying, passing high clouds
To be near you
Who can sail?
Can you hear me, Can you hear me
Through the dark night, far away
I am dying, forever trying
To be near you
Who can sail?
I am dying, forever trying
To be near you
Who can sail?
We are sailing, we are sailing
Home again, cross the sea
We are sailing stormy waters
To be near you
To be free
To be near you
To be near you
To be free"
"419" "A spaceman came traveling on his ship from afar,
'Twas light years of time since his mission did start,
And over a village he halted his craft,
And it hung in the sky like a star, just like a star,
He followed a light, and came down to a shed,
Where a mother and child were lying there on a bed,
A bright light of silver shone round his head,
And he had the face of an angel, and they were afraid,
Then the stranger spoke, he said, \"do not fear,
I come from a planet a long way from here,
And I bring a message for mankind to hear\",
And suddenly the sweetest music, filled the air,
And it went la la la la la la la la la la,
La la la la la la laaaa, la la la la la la la la la la,
Peace and goodwill to all men, and love for the child,
This lovely music went trembling through the ground,
And many were awakened on hearing that sound,
And travelers on the road the village they found,
By the light of that ship in the sky,
Which shone all around,
And just before dawn, at the paling of the sky,
The stranger returned and said \"now I must fly,
When two thousand years of your time has gone by,
This song will begin once again, to a baby's cry\",
And it went la la la la la la la la la la,
La la la la la la laaaa, la la la la la la la la la la,
This song will begin once again, to a baby's cry,
And it went la la la la la la la la la la,
La la la la la la laaaa, la la la la la la la la la la,
Peace and goodwill to all men, and love for the child."
"420" "Come, they told me pa-rum pum pum pum
Our newborn King to see, pa-rum pum pum pum
Our finest gifts we bring pa-rum pum pum pum
To lay before the King pa-rum pum pum pum
Rum pum pum pum. rum pum pum pum
So to honor Him pa-rum pum pum pum
When we come
Little Baby pa-rum pum pum pum
I am a poor boy too, pa-rum pum pum pum
I have no gift to bring pa-rum pum pum pum
That's fit to give our King pa- rum pum pum pum
Rum pum pum pum, rum pum pum pum
Shall I play for you, pa-rum pum pum pum
on my drum?
Mary nodded pa-rum pum pum pum
The Ox and Lamb kept time pa-rum pum pum pum
I played my drum for Him pa-rum pum pum pum
I played my best for Him pa -rum pum pum pum
Rum pum pum pum, rum pum pum pum
Then He smiled at me pa-rum pum pum pum
Me and my drum"
"421" "Silent night, holy night
All is calm, all is bright
'Round yon virgin Mother and Child
Holy infant so tender and mild
Sleep in heavenly peace
Sleep in heavenly peace
Silent night, holy night!
Shepherds quake at the sight!
Glories stream from heaven afar;
Heavenly hosts sing Al-le-lu-ia!
Christ the Savior is born!
Christ the Savior is born!
Christ the Savior is born!
Silent night, holy night
Son of God, oh, love's pure light
Radiant beams from Thy holy face
With the dawn of redeeming grace
Jesus, Lord at Thy birth
Jesus, Lord at Thy birth
Jesus, Lord at Thy birth"
"422" "O holy night, the stars are brightly shining
It is the night of our dear Savior's birth
Long lay the world in sin and error pining
Till He appeared and the soul felt its worth
A thrill of hope, the weary world rejoices
For yonder breaks a new and glorious morn
Fall on your knees, oh, hear the angel voices
O night divine, O night when Christ was born
O night divine, O night
O night divine
Chains shall He break, for the slave is our brother
And in His name all oppression shall cease
Sweet hymns of joy in grateful chorus raise we
Let all within us praise His holy name
Christ is the Lord, that ever, ever praise we
O night, O night
O night, O night divine
O night, O night
O night, O night divine
O night, O night, O
O night, O night divine"
"423" "Ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong
Ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong
Ding dong, merrily on high
In heaven the bells are ringing
Ding dong, verily the sky
Is riven with angel singing
Ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong
(Gloria, Hosanna in excelsis)
Ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong
(Gloria, Hosanna in excelsis)
E'en so here below, below
Let steeple bells be swungen
And io, io, io
By priest and people sungen
Gloria, Hosanna in excelsis
Ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong
(Gloria, Hosanna in excelsis)
Pray you, dutifully prime
Your matin chime, ye ringers
May you beautifully rime
Your eve time song, ye singers
Gloria, Hosanna in excelsis
Ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong
(Gloria, Hosanna in excelsis)
Gloria
Ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong
(Hosanna in excelsis)
Ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong
(Gloria, Hosanna in excelsis)
Ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong, ding dong, dong
(Gloria, Hosanna in excelsis)"
"424" "Don oche d i mBeithil, beidh tagairt ar ghrin go brch,
Don oche d i mBeithil go dtinig an Bhrithir sln;
T grosghrua ar sparthaibh 's an talamh 'na chldach bn;
Fach osagn sa chlibhn, 's an Mhaighdean ' dhil le gr
Ar leacain lom an tslibhe go nglacann na haoir scth
Nuair in oscailt ghil na spire t teachtaire D ar fil;
Cad glire anois don Athair i bhFlaitheasaibh thuas go hard!
Is feasta fs ar talamh d'fhearaibh dea-mhin' siochin!"
"425" "Oh, the weather outside is frightful,
But the fire is so delightful,
And since we've no place to go,
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow.
It doesn't show signs of stopping,
And I brought some corn for popping;
The lights are turned way down low,
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow.
When we finally say good night,
How I'll hate going out in the storm;
But if you really hold me tight,
All the way home I'll be warm.
The fire is slowly dying,
And, my dear, we're still good-bye-ing,
But as long as you love me so.
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow."
"426" "Have yourself a merry little Christmas
Let your heart be light
From now on, our troubles will be out of sight
Have yourself a merry little Christmas
Make the Yuletide gay
From now on, our troubles will be miles away
Here we are as in olden days
Happy golden days of yore
Faithful friends who are dear to us
Gather near to us once more
Through the years we all will be together
If the fates allow
So hang a shining star upon the highest bough
And have yourself a merry little Christmas now
Have yourself a merry little Christmas
Let your heart be light
From now on, our troubles will be out of sight
Have yourself a merry little Christmas
Make the Yuletide gay
From now on, our troubles will be miles away
Here we are as in olden days
Happy golden days of yore
Faithful friends who are dear to us
Gather near to us once more
Through the years we all will be together
If the fates allow
So hang a shining star upon the highest bough
And have yourself a merry little Christmas now"
"427" "O come all ye faithful
Joyful and triumphant
O come ye O come ye to Bethlehem
Come and behold him
Born the King of angels
O come let us adore him
O come let us adore him
O Come let us adore him
Christ the Lord
God of gods, light of light
Lo, He abhors not the Virgin's womb
Very God, Begotten not created
O, come let us adore Him
O, come let us adore Him
O, come let us adore Him
Christ the Lord
Sing, choirs of angels, sing in exultation
Sing all ye citizens of Heaven above
Glory to God in the highest
O, come let us adore Him
O, come let us adore Him
O, come let us adore Him
Christ the Lord
Yea, Lord, we greet Thee
Born this happy morning
Jesus, to Thee be glory given
Word of the Father now in flesh appearing
O, come let us adore Him
O, come let us adore Him
O, come let us adore Him
Christ the Lord"
"428" "Good people all, this Christmas time
Consider well and bear in mind
What our good God for us has done
In sending His beloved Son
With Mary holy we should pray
To God with love this Christmas day
In Bethlehem upon that morn'
There was a blessed Messiah born
Near Bethlehem did shepherds keep
Their flocks of lambs and feeding sheep
To whom God's angels did appear
Which put the shepherds in great fear
\"Arise and go\", the angels said
\"To Bethlehem, be not afraid
For there you'll find this happy morn'
A princely Babe, sweet Jesus born\"
With thankful heart and joyful mind
The shepherds went that Babe to find
And as God's angel had foretold
They did our Savior Christ behold
Within a manger He was laid
And by his side the Virgin maid
As long foretold upon that morn'
There was a blessed Messiah born"
"429" "I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
Just like the ones I used to know
Where the treetops glisten
And children listen
To hear sleigh bells in the snow.
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
With every Christmas card I write
May your days be merry and bright
And may all your Christmases be white.
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
With every Christmas card I write
May your days be merry and bright
And may all your Christmases be white."
"430" "Chestnuts roasting on an open fire
Jack Frost nipping at your nose
Yule-tide carols being sung by a choir
And folks dressed up like Eskimos.
Everybody knows a turkey and some mistletoe
Help to make the season bright
Tiny tots with their eyes all aglow
Will find it hard to sleep tonight.
They know that Santa's on his way
He's loaded lots of toys and goodies on his sleigh
And every mother's child is gonna spy
To see if reindeer really know how to fly.
And so I'm offering this simple phrase
To kids from one to ninety-two
Although it's been said many times, many ways
Merry Christmas to you."
"431" "Hark how the bells,
Sweet silver bells,
All seem to say,
Throw cares away
Christmas is here,
Bringing good cheer,
To young and old,
Meek and the bold,
Oh how they pound,
Raising the sound,
O'er hill and dale,
Telling their tale,
Gaily they ring
While people sing
Songs of good cheer,
Christmas is here,"
"432" "Christmas pipes, Christmas pipes
Calling us, calling on, Christmas night
Call us from far, call us from near
Oh, play me your Christmas pipes
Christmas bells, Christmas bells
Over the hills and over the dells
Ringing out bright, ringing out clear
Oh, ring me your Christmas bells
Christmas strings, Christmas strings
Playing the peace that Christmas brings
Fiddle and bow, gentle and low
Oh, play me your Christmas strings
Christmas pipes, Christmas pipes
Calling us, calling on, Christmas night
Call us from far, call us from near
Oh, play me your Christmas pipes
(O Holy night, the stars are brightly shining)
(It is the night of our dear Savior's birth)
Christmas choir, Christmas choir
Christmas carols 'round Christmas fire
Holy night, angels on high
Round up your Christmas choir
Christmas band, Christmas band
You're waiting for me with your Christmas band
Cymbal and drum, rattle and hum
March out your Christmas band
Good to be home to your Christmas pipe
Christmas pipes, Christmas pipes
Calling us, calling on Christmas night
Call us from far, call us from near
Play me your Christmas pipes
Christmas pipes, Christmas pipes
Calling us, calling on Christmas night
Call us from far, call us from near
Oh, play me your Christmas pipes
Play me your Christmas pipes
Good to be home, good to be home
Good to be home to your Christmas pipe"
"433" "Away in a manger,
No crib for His bed
The little Lord Jesus
Laid down His sweet head
The stars in the bright sky
Looked down where He lay
The little Lord Jesus
Asleep on the hay
The cattle are lowing
The Baby awakes
A little Lord Jesus
No crying He makes
I love Thee, Lord Jesus
Look down from the sky
And stay by my side,
'Til morning is nigh.
Be near me, Lord Jesus,
I ask Thee to stay
Close by me forever
And love me I pray
Bless all the dear children
In Thy tender care
And take us to heaven
To live with Thee there"
"434" "Panis angelicus
Fit panis hominum;
Dat panis coelicus
Figuris terminum
O res mirabilis!
Manducat Dominum
Pauper, pauper,
Servus et humilis.
Pauper, pauper,
Servus et humilis.
Panis angelicus
Fit panis hominum;
Dat panis coelicus
Figuris terminum
O res mirabilis!
Manducat Dominum
Pauper, pauper,
Servus et humilis.
Pauper, pauper,
Servus, servus et humilis."
"435" "I sing of a night in Bethlehem
A night as bright as dawn
I sing of that night in Bethlehem
The night the Word was born
The skies are glowing gaily
The earth in white is dressed
See Jesus in the cradle
Drink deep in His mother's breast
And there on a lonely hillside
The shepherds bow down in fear
When the heavens open brightly
And God's message rings out so clear
Glory now to the Father
In all the heavens high
And peace to His friends on earth below
Is all the angels cry"
"436" ""
"437" ""
"438" "L na mara
L na mara n rabharta
Guth na dtonnta a leanadh
Guth na dtonnta a leanfad 
L na mara n lom tr
L na mara n rabharta
L an ghainimh, lom tr
L an ghainimh
(The day of the sea
The day of the sea or of the high tides
To follow the voice of the waves
I would follow the voice of the waves
The day of the sea or the ebb tide
The day of the sea or of the high tides
The day of the sands, the ebb tide
The day of the sands)
Can you feel the river run?
Waves are dancing to the sun
Take the tide and face the sea
And find a way to follow me
Leave the field and leave the fire
And find the flame of your desire
Set your heart on this far shore
And sing your dream to me once more
[Chorus:]
'S mo laoch mo ghile mear
'S mo Shasar, gile mear
Suan gan san n bhfuair m fin
 chuaigh I gcin mo ghile mear
(He is my hero, my dashing darling
He is my Caesar, dashing darling
Rest or pleasure I did not get
Since he went far away, my darling)
Now the time has come to leave
Keep the flame and still believe
Know that love will shine through darkness
One bright star to light the wave
[Chorus]
Amhrn na farraige
r are na seolta
Amhrn na farraige
Ag seoladh na bhfonnta...
(Song of the sea
Gold on the sails
Song of the sea
Sending the melodies...)
Lift your voice and raise the sail
Know that love will never fail
Know that I will sing to you
Each night as I dream of you
[Chorus]
Ag seinm na farraige
Ag seinm na farraige
(Playing the sea
Playing the sea)
Seinn... Play...
[Chorus]
Gile mear, the wind and sun
The sleep is over, dream is done
To the west where fire sets
To the gile mear, the day begun
[Chorus 2x]
 chuaigh I gcin mo ghile mear
(Since he went far away, my darling)
Amhrn na farraige
r are na seolta
Ag seoladh na bhfonnta
(Song of the sea
Gold on the sails
Sending the melodies)"
"439" "When I am alone I sit and dream
And when i dream the words are missing.
Yes I know that in a room so full of light
That all the lights are missing.
But I don't see you with me, with me.
Close up the windows
bring the sun to
My room through the door you've opened.
Closed inside of me the light you see
That you met in the darkness
Time to say goodbye.
Horizons are never far
And I have to find them alone
Without your light.
On my own with you
I will go on ships over seas
That I now know
Now they don't exist anymore
It's time to say goodbye
When you were so far away
I sat alone and dreamt of new horizons
Then I knew that you were here with me, with me.
Building bridges over land and sea
Shine a blinding light for you and me to see
For us to be.
Time to say goodbye
Horizons are never far
And I have to find them alone
Without your light
On my own with you
I will go on ships over seas
That I now know
Now they don't exist anymore
Without your light.
On my own with you
I will go
On ships over seas
That I now know
Now they don't exist anymore
Without your light
On my own with you
I will go
Bridge...
You and me"
"440" ""
"441" "My young love said to me, \"My mother won't mind
And my father won't slight you for your lack of kind.\"
Then she stepped away from me and this she did say:
\"It will not be long, love, till our wedding day.\"
She stepped away from me and she moved thru' the fair
And fondly I watched her move here and move there.
And she made her way homeward with one star awake
As swan in the evening moves over the lake.
Last night, She came to me, She came softly in
So softly she came that her feet made no din,
And she laid her hand on me and this she did say:
\"It will not be long, love, till our wedding day.\""
"442" ""
"443" ""
"444" ""
"445" "Walking in the air, floating the sky
Floating in the air
We're walking in the air
We're floating in the moonlit sky
The people far below are sleeping as we fly
We're holding very tight
I'm riding in the midnight blue
I'm finding I can fly so high above with you
Far across the world
The villages go by like trees
The rivers and the hills
The forest and the streams
Children gaze open mouth
Taken by surprise
Nobody down below believes their eyes
We're surfing in the air
We're swimming in the frozen sky
We're drifting over icy
Mountains floating by
Suddenly swooping low on an ocean deep
Arousing of a mighty monster from its sleep
We're walking in the air
We're dancing in the midnight sky
And everyone who sees us greets us as we fly"
"446" ""
"447" "Sometimes we stumble
Sometimes we even fall
And we can't find a friend
Can't comprehend it all
And we are lost
With nothing to hold on to
When we can't find the answer
Sometimes a prayer will do
And though we wonder
Uncertain if we will get through
To face the future
Sometimes a prayer will do
Sometimes we reach
for what's not really there
Sometimes we lose our grip
Come tumbling through midair
And we are searching
For something to hold on to
When we can't find the answer
Sometimes a prayer will do
And though we wonder
Uncertain if we will get through
To face the future
Sometimes a prayer will do
Yeah, we are stronger
Somehow we know we will get through
To face the future
Sometimes a prayer will do
Sometimes a prayer will do"
"448" ""
"449" "Sure you ride the finest horse, I have ever seen
Standing sixteen one or two, with eyes wild and green
And you ride the horse well, hands light to the touch
I could never go with you no matter how I wanted to
Ride on, see you, I could never go
with you no matter how I wanted to
Ride on, see you, I could never go
with you no matter how I wanted to
When you ride into the night, without a trace behind
Run your claw along my gut, one last time
I turn to face an empty space, where you used to lie
I look for the spark that lights the night
Through the teardrop in my eye
Ride on, see you, I could never go
with you no matter how I wanted to
Ride on, see you, I could never go
with you no matter how I wanted to
Ride on, see you, I could never go
with you no matter how I wanted to
Ride on, see you, I could never go
with you no matter how I wanted to
I could never go with you
no matter how I wanted to
Oh, I could never go with you
no matter how I wanted to"
"450" ""
"451" "Oh, misty eye of the mountain below
Keep careful watch of my brothers soul
And should the sky be filled with fire and smoke
Keep watching over Durin's son
If this is to end in fire
We should all burn together
Watch the flames climb high into night
Calling out father oh
Stand by and we will
Watch the flames burn
Auburn on the mountain side
(oh)
And if we should die tonight
We should all die together
Watching flames climb high
For the last time
Calling out father oh
Prepare us we will
Watch the flames burn
Auburn on mountain side
Desolation comes upon the sky
Now I see fire, inside the mountain
I see fire, burning the tree
I see fire, hollowing souls
And I see fire, blood in the breeze
And I hope that you remember me
Should my people fall
Surely i'll do the same
Confined in mountain halls
we got to close to the flames
Calling out father oh
Hold fast and we will
Watch the flames burn
Auburn on the mountain side
Desolation comes upon the sky
Now I see fire, inside the mountain
I see fire, burning the trees
I see fire, hollowing souls
I see fire, blood in the breeze
And I hope that you remember me
And if the night is burning
I will cover my eyes
For if the dark returns
Then my brothers will die
And as the sky is falling down
It crashed into this lonely town
And with that shadow on the ground
I hear my people screaming out
I see fire, inside the mountain
I see fire, burning the trees
I see fire, hollowing souls
I see fire, blood in the breeze
I See fire . . . . (fire)
And I see fire . . . . (fire)
And I see fire . . . . (fire)
And I see fire burn auburn on the mountain side"
"452" "A child begins with one single step
Then walks a million miles
And though these wings are not ready yet
I will try to fly
My eyes can't see
My arms can't reach
And needs strength when I'm weak
And need your faith in me
Don't walk in front of me
I was not born to follow
Don't walk behind me
We were all born to lead
Don't walk without me
I might need you tomorrow
Walk right beside me
Be the real friend I need
If you take small stones one at a time
You will move that whole mountain
If you climb each rainbow
It's gold that you'll find
And shelter from the rain
My ears can't hear
My heart can't feel
And needs strength when I'm weak
And need your faith in me
Don't walk in front of me
I was not born to follow
Don't walk behind me
We were all born to lead
Don't walk without me
I might need you tomorrow
Walk right beside me
Be the real friend I need
Don't walk in front of me
I was not born to follow
Don't walk behind me
We were all born to lead
Don't walk without me
I might need you tomorrow
Walk right beside me
Be the real friend I need
Walk right beside me
Be the real friend I need"
"453" "My life goes on in endless song
Above earth's lamentations
I hear the trumpets sounding strong
That hails a new creation
Through all the tumult and the strife
I hear its music ringing
It ever echoes in my life
How can I keep from singing?
And though the shadows gather 'round
The endless song it giveth
My strength within and joy abound
The world of truth it liveth
Though dark the night and long the road
I hear the music ringing
And with such power and grace bestowed
How can I keep from singing?
No storm can shake my inmost calm
While to this rock I'm clinging
How can I ever come to harm?
How can I keep from singing?
Then sings my soul with love profound
A fountain ever springing
Deep from the earth how sweet the sound
How can I keep from singing?"
"454" "Smile, though your heart is aching
Smile, even though it's breaking
When there are clouds in the sky, you'll get by
If you smile through your fear and sorrow
Smile and maybe tomorrow
You'll find that life is still worthwhile
If you just smile
If you just smile
Light up your face with gladness
Hide every trace of sadness
Although a tear may be ever so near
That's the time you must keep on trying
Smile, what's the use in crying
You'll find that life is still worthwhile
If you just smile
If you just smile, smile."
"455" ""
"456" ""
"457" ""
"458" ""
"459" ""
"460" "Sometimes in this life we hear
Calling from somewhere
Sometimes it is loud and clear
Sometimes it's so softly there
Sometimes it is in the sea
Sometimes in the sky
Sometimes it's in you and me
Sometimes it's a cry
Open your heart
I am calling you
Right from the very start
Your wounded heart was calling, too
Open your arms
You will find the answer
When you answer to the Call
Sometimes it is in desire
Or in the love we fear
When the call is calling us
'Till the fear will disappear
When we have no dance to dance
The call is in the song
When we have no voice to sing
Then the call is calling strong
Open your heart
I am calling you
Right from the very start
Your wounded heart was calling, too
Open your arms
You will find the answer
When you answer to the Call
Open your heart
I am calling you
Right from the very start
Your wounded heart was calling, too
Open your arms
You will find the answer
When you answer to the Call
Open your heart, your heart
And you will find the answer
To the Call!"
"461" "A 'non mhn , sin anall na fir shir
A mhithairin mhn , cuir na roithlan go dt m
[Curf:]
Dlamn na binne bu, dlamn Gaelach
Dlamn na farraige, b'fhearr a bh in irinn
T ceann bu ir ar an dlamn gaelach
T dh chluais mhaol ar an dlamn maorach
Brga breaca dubha ar an dlamn gaelach
T bearad agus tris ar an dlamn maorach
[Curf 2x]
Gide a thug na tre th? arsa an dlamn gaelach
Ag sir le do non, arsa an dlamn maorach
Rachaimid chun Niir leis an dlamn gaelach
Ceannimid brga daora ar an dlamn maorach
[Curf]
chuir m scala chuici, go gceanninn cor d
'S'n scal a chuir s chugam, go raibh a ceann cortha
[Curf]
Cha bhfaigheann t mo 'non, arsa an dlamn gaelach
Bheul, fuadidh m liom , arsa an dlamn maorach
Dlamn na binne bu, dlamn Gaelach
[Curf]
Dlamn na binne bu, dlamn Gaelach
Dlamn na farraige, b'fhearr a bh, b'fhearr a bh
Dlamn na binne bu, dlamn Gaelach
Dlamn na farraige, b'fhearr a bh, b'fhearr a bh
B'fhearr a bh in irinn"
"462" "The sun is sinking low in the sky above Ashokan.
The pines and the willows know soon we will part.
There's a whisper in the wind of promises unspoken,
And a love that will always remain in my heart.
My thoughts will return to the sound of your laughter,
The magic of moving as one,
And a time we'll remember long ever after
The moonlight and music and dancing are done.
Will we climb the hills once more?
Will we walk the woods together?
Will I feel you holding me close once again?
Will every song we've sung stay with us forever?
Will you dance in my dreams or my arms until then?
Under the moon the mountains lie sleeping
Over the lake the stars shine.
They wonder if you and I will be keeping
The magic and music, or leave them behind."
"463" "There's a place for us
Somewhere a place for us
Peace and quiet and open air
Wait for us somewhere
There's a time for us
Some day a time for us
Time together and time to spare
Time to learn, time to care
Some day, somewhere
We'll find a new way of living
We'll find a way of forgiving
Somewhere
There's a place for us
Somewhere a place for us
Time together with time to spare
Time to learn, time to care
Some day, somewhere
We'll find a new way of living
We'll find a way of forgiving
Somewhere
Hold my hand and I'll take you there
Somehow, some day, somewhere"
"464" "My true love sits in a forest glade
In the springtime's golden light
The flowers, they dance in the gentle breeze
And the warm sun shines so bright
And of all the flowers in the forest
And all trees that do abound
The ones that please my heart the most
Are green the whole year 'round
Green the whole year 'round,
Green the whole year 'round,
The holly yew and the ivy tree
Are green the whole year 'round
When summer comes and the days are hot
And the birds are full of song
In the quiet shade of that leafy glade
That is where my heart belongs
For I know whenever I look for you
That is where you can be found
As you take your ease 'neath your favorite trees
That are green the whole year 'round
Green the whole year 'round,
Green the whole year 'round,
The holly yew and the ivy tree
Are green the whole year 'round
But the summer fades and the days grow short
And the autumn winds they blow
And the leaves of gold come tumbling down
To the forest far below
Memories of other days come tumbling from the past
To remind us, like the seasons do
That life goes by so fast
The winter lays her fingers cold
On dark and lonely nights
But christmas it will soon be here
To usher in the light
And when morning breaks and the bells ring out
It is such a joyous sound
To hear them echo in the trees
That are green the whole year 'round
Green the whole year 'round,
Green the whole year 'round,
The holly yew and the ivy tree
Are green the whole year 'round
Green the whole year 'round,
Green the whole year 'round,
The holly yew and the ivy tree
Are green the whole year 'round
Green the whole year 'round,
Green the whole year 'round,
The holly yew and the ivy tree
Are green the whole year 'round"
"465" "Shule, shule, shule aroon
Shule go sukar agus, shule go kewn,
Shule go durrus oggus aylig lume,
Shule, shule, shule aroon
Shule go sukar agus, shule go kewn,
Shule go durrus oggus aylig lume,
Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn.
I wish I was on yonder hill
Tis there Id sit and cry my fill,
And every tear would turn a mill
I'll sell my rod, I'll sell my reel
I'll sell my only spinning wheel
To buy my love a coat of steel
Shule, shule, shule aroon
Shule go sukar agus, shule go kewn,
Shule go durrus oggus aylig lume,
Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn.
I'll dye my petticoats, I'll dye them red
And 'round the world I'll beg my bread
Until my parents shall wish me dead
Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn
Shule, shule, shule aroon
Shule go sukar agus, shule go kewn,
Shule go durrus oggus aylig lume,
Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn.
Shule, shule, shule aroon
Shule go sukar agus, shule go kewn,
Shule go durrus oggus aylig lume
Shule, shule, shule aroon
Shule go sukar agus, shule go kewn,
Shule go durrus oggus aylig lume,
Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn."
"466" "Walking in the air
Floating in the sky
Floating in the air
We're walking in the air
We're floating in the moonlit sky
The people far below are sleeping as we fly
We're holding very tight
I'm riding in the midnight blue
And finding I can fly so high above with you
All across the world
The villages go by like dreams
The rivers and the hills, the forests and the streams
Children gaze open-mouthed
Taken by surprise
Nobody down below, believes their eyes
We're surfing in the air
We're swimming in the frozen sky
We're drifting over icy mountains floating by
Suddenly swooping low
On an ocean deep
Rising up a mighty monster from his sleep
We're walking in the air
We're dancing in the midnight sky
And everyone who sees us greets us as we fly"
"467" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"468" "Who can say for certain
Maybe you're still here
I feel you all around me
Your memories so clear
Deep in the stillness
I can hear you speak
You're still an inspiration
Can it be
That you are mine
Forever love
And you are watching over me from up above
Fly me up to where you are
Beyond the distant star
I wish upon tonight
To see you smile
If only for a while to know you're there
A breath away's not far
To where you are
Are you gently sleeping
Here inside my dream
And isn't faith believing
All power can't be seen
As my heart holds you
Just one beat away
I cherish all you gave me everyday
'Cause you are mine
Forever love
Watching me from up above
And I believe
That angels breathe
And that love will live on and never leave
Fly me up
To where you are
Beyond the distant star
I wish upon tonight
To see you smile
If only for a while
To know you're there
A breath away's not far
To where you are
I know you're there
A breath away's not far
To where you are"
"469" "Pie Jesu Domine
Dona eis requiem
Done eis requiem
Pie Jesu Domine
Dona eis requiem
Dona eis requiem
Dona dona Domine
Dona eis requiem
Sempiternam requiem
Sempiternam requiem
Sempiternam requiem
Pie Jesu Pie Jesu Domine
Dona eis
Dona eis
Sempiternam requiem
Sempiternam requiem"
"470" "As I came down through Dublin City
At the hour of twelve at night
Who should I see but the Spanish Lady
Washing her feet by candlelight
First she washed them, then she dried them
Over a fire of amber coal
In all my life I ne?er did see
A maid so sweet about the soul
Whack for the toora loora laddy
Whack for the toora loora lay
Whack for the toora loora laddy
Whack for the toora loora lay
As I came back through Dublin City,
At the hour of half past eight
Who should I spy but the Spanish Lady
Brushing her hair in the broad daylight
First she tossed it, then she brushed it
On her lap was a silver comb
In all my life I ne?er did see
A maid so fair since I did roam
Whack for the toora loora laddy
Whack for the toora loora lay
Whack for the toora loora laddy
Whack for the toora loora lay
As I went back through Dublin City
As the sun began to set
Who should I spy but the Spanish Lady
Catching a moth in a golden net
When she saw me, then she fled me
Lifting her petticoat over her knee
In all my life I ne?er did see
A maid so shy as the Spanish Lady
Whack for the toora loora laddy
Whack for the toora loora lay
Whack for the toora loora laddy
Whack for the toora loora lay
Whack for the toora loora laddy
Whack for the toora loora lay
Whack for the toora loora laddy
Whack for the toora loora lay"
"471" "Sleep, O babe, for the red bee hums the silent twilight's fall
Eeval from the grey rock comes to wrap the world in thrall
A lyan van o, my child, my joy, my love and heart's desire
The crickets sing you lullaby beside the dying fire
Dusk is drawn and the Green Man's thorn is wreathed in rings of fog
Sheevra sails his boat 'til morn upon the starry bog
A lyan van o, the paly moon hath brimm'd her cusp in dew
And weeps to hear the sad, sleep tune I sing, o love, to you
Sleep, O babe, for the red bee hums the silent twilight's fall
Eeval from the grey rock comes to wrap the world in thrall
A lyan van o, my child, my joy, my love and heart's desire
The crickets sing you lullaby beside the dying fire"
"472" ""
"473" "My young love said to me, \"My mother won't mind
And my father won't slight you for your lack of kind.\"
Then she stepped away from me and this she did say:
\"It will not be long, love, till our wedding day.\"
She stepped away from me and she moved thru' the fair
And fondly I watched her move here and move there.
And she made her way homeward with one star awake
As swan in the evening moves over the lake.
Last night, She came to me, She came softly in
So softly she came that her feet made no din,
And she laid her hand on me and this she did say:
\"It will not be long, love, till our wedding day.\""
"474" "Of all the money that e'er I had
I spent it in good company
And all the harm I've ever done
Alas it was to none but me
And all I've done for want of wit
To mem'ry now I can't recall
So fill to me the parting glass
Good night and joy be to you all
So fill to me the parting glass
And drink a health whate'er befalls
And gently rise and softly call
Good night and joy be to you all
Of all the comrades that e'er I had
They're sorry for my going away
And all the sweethearts that e'er I had
They'd wish me one more day to stay
But since it fell unto my lot
That I should rise and you should not
I gently rise and softly call
Good night and joy be to you all
Fill to me the parting glass
And drink a health whate'er befalls
And gently rise and softly call
Good night and joy be to you all
La La
But since it fell unto my lot
That I should rise and you should not
I gently rise and softly call
Good night and joy be to you all
So fill to me the parting glass
And drink a health whate'er befalls
And gently rise and softly call
Good night and joy be to you all
Good night and joy be to you all."
"475" ""
"476" "Nil Se'n La
Chuaigh m isteach i dteach arir
is d'iarr m cairde ar mhnaoi an leanna.
Is  dirt s liom \"N bhfaighidh t deor.
Buail an bthar is gabh abhaile
I came by a house last night
And told the woman I am staying
I said to her:
\"The moon is bright and my fiddles tuned for playing\"
Tell me that the night is long
Tell me that the moon is glowing
Fill my glass, I'll sing a song
And will start the music flowing
Never mind the rising light
There's no sign of day or dawning
In my heart it's still the night
And we'll stay here till the morning
Chorus:
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
It's not day nor yet awhile
I can see the starlight shining
Nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
Fill the glasses one more time
And never heed the empty bottle
Turn the water into wine
And turn the party up full throttle
Don't go out into the cold
Where the wind and rain are blowing
For the fire is flaming gold
And in here the music's flowing
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
Tell me that the night is long
Tell me that the moon is gleaming
Fill my glass, I'll sing a song
And we'll keep the music streaming
Until all the songs are sung
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
(Drum Solo)
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh"
"477" "The winds of chill December sound
The farewell of the year
And evening shadows gather Eround
And cloud the soul with fear
But rest you well good Christian men
Nor be of heart forlorn
DecemberE(tm)s darkness brings again
The light of Christmas morn
ETwas when the world was waxing old
And night on Bethlehem lay
The shepherds saw the heavE(tm)ns unfold
A light beyond the day
Such glory neE(tm)er had visited
A world with sin outworn
But yet more glorious light is shed
On happy Christmas morn
The welcome snow each Christmastide
Falls shining from the skies
On village paths and uplands wide
All holy white, it lies
It crowns with pearl, the oaks and pines
And glitters on the thorn
But purer still the light that shines
On gladsome Christmas morn
The shepherds poor, how blest were they
The angel song to hear
In manger cradle, as he lay
To greet the Saviour dear
The Lord of heavE(tm)nE(tm)s eternal height
For us a babe was born
And He, the very light of light
Shone forth that Christmas morn
The chapel lights above the snow
Do warm the coldest chill
And manger scene, by candle glow
Inclines us to goodwill
Ablaze in wonder and in awe
As every heart adores
But brighter still, the light that falls
On gladsome Christmas morn
And oE(tm)er the child a guiding star
Shall lead us into peace
And still in souls, that childlike are
His guardian love shall be
Oh then rejoice, good Christian men
Nor be of heart forlorn
For unto you, in Bethlehem
The Son of God is born
DecemberE(tm)s darkness brings again
The light of Christmas morn."
"478" "Have a peanut butter sandwich
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Are you depressed ?
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Are you bored ?
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Have some milk
Have some Kool-ade
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Do you like White bread ?
Do you like Wheat bread ?
Do you like Rye bread
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Have some cake
Have some ice cream
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Why are you worried
About your weight ?
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Elvis like his
With Bananas
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Have another peanut butter sandwich
Have another peanut butter sandwich
You can always join weight watchers
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Everybody sing with me
Have a peanut butter sandwich
I can't hear you
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Wear it on your head
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Stick it in your nose
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Have your mom
Over for dinner
Have peanut butter sandwiches
Have peanut butter sandwiches
Invite all your friends over
To watch the game
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Everybody now
Have a peanut butter sandwich
I can't hear you
Have a peanut butter sandwich
Have a peanut butter sandwich..."
"479" "You may be wondering why Santa never came
Well, it's not his fault-No! He's not to blame
He's been in jail for all these years
And it's not for drunk driving (he never drinks liquor maybe 1 or 2 beer)
No! They thought he might have robbed the train
And when they found out he was innocent, they kept him in jail because they thought he was insane
I guess that red suit gave him away
They said anyone who dresses like that must be insane (that's what they did say)
Well after all hope fails, all hope fails
And because they think he's insane, they won't let him get no bail
Chorus: Santa ! Santa ! Santa's in Jail ?
Santa Claus is in Jail
They think he's insane; they won't let him get no bail
Santa Claus is in Jail
(With a real crying voice) Santa Claus is in Jail
Santa Claus is in Jail
Well, I hope you have a good Christmas- A Christmas snow white
And I hope you get lots of cards and letters for everyone you do write
But if it starts to rain and to sleet and starts to hail
Be thankful you're not Santa because Santa's in jail (go back to the chorus)"
"480" "Come they told me Kazoo~~~~~
A brand new King to see Kazoo~~~~~
Our finest gifts we bring Kazoo~~~~~~
To place before the King Kazoo~~~~
Kazoo~~~
Kazoo~~~~
So to honor Him Kazoo~~~~~~
When we come.
Baby Jesus Kazoo~~~~~~~~
I am a poor boy too Kazoo~~~~
I have no gift to bring Kazoo~~~~
That's worthy of a King Kazoo~~~~~
Kazoo~~~~~
Kazoo~~~~~~~
Shall I play for you Kazoo~~~~~
On my Kazoo.
Mary nodded Kazoo~~~~~
The *** and lamb kept time Kazoo~~~~~
I played my song for Him Kazoo~~~~~
I played my best for Him Kazoo~~~~
Kazoo~~~~~~~
Kazoo~~~~~~
Then He smiled at me Kazoo~~~~~~
Me and my Kazoo."
"481" "Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday to you
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday to you
1.We brought for you
This little frog
We hope you like it
We found it
Just sitting on a log
Saying: \"Ribbit\"*
2.Now for you,
Your favorite cake
It's peanut butter broccoli
There's no reason
To say thanks
It made us happy*
3.Here's a
Real treat
We brought from the store
It's black licorice
Icecream
Do you want some more"
"482" "You go Ho ! Ho ! Ho !
And you go,go,go
Doing the Santa Claus Twist
You get a red suit
And you get your gal(guy) one to
Doing the Santa Claus Twist
You roll,roll,roll like you've got a big belly
Dust off your clothes like you've just come from the chimney
Take a chance
Do this dance
Doing the Santa Claus Twist
You get a little red hat
With a little white ball
Doing the Santa Claus Twist
All of a sudden
The reindeer you call
Doing the Santa Claus Twist
Dasher and Dancer,Prancer and Vixen
Comet and Cuped,Downer and Blisten
Take a Chance
Do this dance
Doing the Santa Claus Twist"
"483" "I heard your, depression is hurting lately.
A black hole sucking all the hope, all the hope in your mind.
You carried me for 9 long months, a blank canvas little baby.
And I guess somehow your weaknesses have influenced & shaped me.
(Chorus)
And I will be there for you.
I will fight for you.
And its too late, to make it out of here.
It's too late.
But would you save all the others?
Would you save all the others?
Would you save all the others?
I heard you, got married and had a baby.
To you Im a path unspoken.
A broken distance maybe.
You underestimate me, you never had to hate me.
But I still understand the truth.
You never couldve saved me.
(Chorus)
And I will be there for you.
I will fight for you.
And its too late, to make it out of here.
It's too late.
But would you save all the others?
Would you save all the others?
Would you save all the others?
woooahwoooahwoooah...
I heard you, whistling in the garden.
All I ever wanted from you was to hear I had your pardon.
woooahwoooahwoooah..."
"484" "Never Gonna Let You Go
---CARA
If I had one wish, girl
I'd wish you next to me
And it could be in summer, fall or spring, girl
'Cause you make my heart sing
I wanna give my heart, my soul, my love to you
Oh baby
'Cause every day I'm not with you
I'm missing you like crazy
I need for you to...
[Chorus]
I need for you to love me, hold me, touch me
Down deep in my soul, never let it go
Of the love we share, no one compares to you
to you
I'll never let you go 'cause CARA I love you so
Oh I...
I'll never let you go, oh no
If you must know the truth, girl
I'm nothing without you
its funny how i know what people mean, girl
When it's too good to be true
Because you give me joy, good love,
good times, such happiness
Oh yeah
And every day I thank the Lord for you,
I feel so blessed
I need for you to...
[Chorus]
If you only knew
What you really do
Ain't never had no one that does it quite like you do
You could spend half a lifetime
Trying to find one like you
That's why I am so glad I found you
I wished upon a star and it came true
Darling, I need for you to...
[Chorus]
CARA I LOVE YOU!"
"485" "Never Gonna Let You Go
---CARA
If I had one wish, girl
I'd wish you next to me
And it could be in summer, fall or spring, girl
'Cause you make my heart sing
I wanna give my heart, my soul, my love to you
Oh baby
'Cause every day I'm not with you
I'm missing you like crazy
I need for you to...
[Chorus]
I need for you to love me, hold me, touch me
Down deep in my soul, never let it go
Of the love we share, no one compares to you
to you
I'll never let you go 'cause CARA I love you so
Oh I...
I'll never let you go, oh no
If you must know the truth, girl
I'm nothing without you
its funny how i know what people mean, girl
When it's too good to be true
Because you give me joy, good love,
good times, such happiness
Oh yeah
And every day I thank the Lord for you,
I feel so blessed
I need for you to...
[Chorus]
If you only knew
What you really do
Ain't never had no one that does it quite like you do
You could spend half a lifetime
Trying to find one like you
That's why I am so glad I found you
I wished upon a star and it came true
Darling, I need for you to...
[Chorus]
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH CARA"
"486" "My young man, oh he is so fine,
Sweet Rosemary did say.
She gathered flowers and she sang
All about her wedding day.
Oh when I was a lass at school
I looked out at the sky,
And now among the woodlands cool,
Gathering sweet primroses I.
I wish I was a little bird,
With wings that I could fly,
Then I would find my own true love,
And when he'd speak then I'd be by.
My heart would flutter like the wings,
Oh to see my own dear one.
And pretty words I'd like to sing
All beneath the morning sun."
"487" "If your eyes are blue you know the rest
Champagne if it's very cool
It's never very formal how you dress
For oysters by the swimming pool
Then slip away into the mountainside
Like the man in the Lazy E'
It's great to have a place where you can hide
Why you must amazes me
[Chorus]
Golden,
Where are you?
Sold on gold dust
I shuttled all around America
From New York to Los Angeles
Nervous breakdown later, there we were
From Liberty to redwood trees
A friend of mine, she hitched from east to west
In time to hear my final song
It seems to me she tried her very best
She is a good companion
[Chorus]
He stores away the moments of her smiles
As if they were rare butterflies
Stalks his prey for miles and miles and miles
Then barters for the merchandise
When Life it drags the likes of me around
Just when we need some time alone
You have a simple mansion underground
Without address or telephone
[Chorus]"
"488" "We search for everything
Keeping what we would win
Orchids or tiny flowers
Wooden huts or ivory towers
Centuries or hours
Dark are the winter days
Holy in many ways
Vaults of time unshaken
Whilst as through them we are taken
Sleeping forests wake
Ice melts on the lake
Birds begin in making their way back home
The frost and the fire goes
East winds and winter snows
Sun upon the daffodils
Dancing on the verdant hills
Lambs in the fields
Warmer grows the morning sun
Days of youthfulness and fun
The prime of the year begun
The song of summer to be sung
Everything is one
Working day is done
Watch the river running through our lives
How slowly the colors change
We feel the drops of rain
Mists of evening rise again
We rarely stroll the shadowed lanes
As autumn night draws in
We sit upon the sand
Warmth draining from the land
Watching the ruby sun
Setting on the ocean
The echoes in the caves
The flame upon the waves
Memories for saving all our days"
"489" "(By Sandy Denny. U.F.O. Music, Inc. (C) 1972)
The lady she had a silver longue.
For to sing she said,
And maybe that's all.
Wait for the dawn and we will have that song.
When it ends it will seem
That we hear silence fall.
The lady she had a golden heart,
For to love she said
And she did not lie.
Wait for the dawn and we'll watch for the sun.
As we turn it will seem
To arise in the sky.
We heard that song while watching the skies,
Oh the sound it rang,
So clear through the cold.
Then silence fell and the sun did arise
On a beautiful morning of silver and gold."
"490" "Although the flames they are so dim,
I can see them from over here.
But this is no time to worry now,
No time to shed a tear.
The people are all smiling,
And the letters are all too,
The flowers they are all arranged
And the notes they are all blue.
Where are the words to say to you,
Where do they all begin.
I should not have a lot to lose
And everything to win.
And I want you to be smiling,
I want you not to cry.
And even if I hide away,
Then you'll get the notion why.
A symphony I learnt at school,
In pigeonholes so clear,
But it made me for to write no songs,
For nobody to hear.
And I see you are all smiling
Even in the candle light.
Just close your eyes and fall asleep,
And I think you'll be alright.
Close your eyes and fall asleep,
And I think you'll be alright."
"491" "(Sandy Denny)
They stood upon the deck
As the ship went out to sea
The wind it took the sails
And left the land a memory
All upon the shore for
To wonder why the sailor goes
All to close their eyes
And wonder what the sailor knows
That is you to they
That is how they think you are
Never on the land
But sailing by the north star
That is you to them
That is how they think you are
Never on the land
But sailing by the north star
To the tower and to the ravens and
The tale that hopes they'll never leave
What if they should go?
We always dread to think of them
I wonder if they flew one day
And no one ever knew they'd gone
To circle over ships at sea
Claiming yet another son
That is you to me
That is where I think you are
Never on the land
But gone to find the north star"
"492" "The wine it was drunk, the ship it was sunk,
The shot it was dead, all the sorrows were drowned.
The birds they were clouds, the brides and the shrouds
And as we drew south the mist it came down.
The wooded ravine to the wandering stream,
The serpent he moved, but no-one would say.
The depths of the waters, the bridge which distraught us
And brought to me thoughts of the ill-fated day.
The temples were filled with the strangest of creatures
One played it by ear on the banks of the sea.
That one was found but the others they went under.
Oh the tears which are shed, they won't come from me.
The methods of madness, the pathos and the sadness,
God help you all, the insane and wise.
The black and the white, the darkness of the night,
I see only smoke from the chimneys arise."
"493" "(By Sandy Denny. U.F.O. Music, Inc. (C) 1972)
I'm a long way from you,
I'm a long way from home.
And who cares for the f
Of being alone.
The notes and the words
They will always unfold
And I'm left with a manuscript
That will grow old
And the secret's all told anyway.
So the song it is yours,
And the song it is mine.
And a cold wind it blows
Through good fortunes of time.
The hobo he leaves
When the going is bad
And the music he weaves
Is so gentle and sad.
But freedom he has anyway.
Prepared by: Paul Hosken (RMCB@VM.OP.DLR.DE)"
"494" "Such sweet love is so hard to find
Look around, these are troublesome times
The sun beats down on our hunger and thirst
It would soon all be over if we let it be worse
[Chorus]
Take me away, take me away
Take me away, take me away
If not for you how would I keep going
No one to be near, no good fortune to know
Take my hand, make me feel stronger
You're a man - progress is slow
[Chorus]
There will be rain clouds, for harvest to grow
We'll find the rain clouds, and the rivers will flow
Leave what is past, search for the future
Leave this black dream for it's high time to go
[Chorus]"
"495" "(By Sandy Denny. U.F.O. Music, Inc. (C) 1972)
Oh it's like a storm at sea,
And everything is lost
And, the fretful sailors
Calling out their woes,
As to the waves they're tossed.
Oh, they are all gentlemen,
And never will they know
If there is a reason each of them
Must go,
To join the cruel flow.
And it'll take a long long time
It'll take a long long time
It'll take a long long time,
Oh it'll take such a long long time.
There is no need for rules,
There's no one to score the game
And there is no body
Living in this town
As even knows its name.
And it'll take a long long time
It'll take a long long time
It'll take a long long time,
Long long time."
"496" "Oh, babe, you are the one I love,
You are the one I'm thinking of.
You know it's still a long long way,
But I'll be home at the end of the day.
I'll sing my songs just for you
And I'll bring my love home to you.
I can hardly wait to see your face again,
But I'll be home at the end of the day.
Just miles and miles of rosy sky,
I'll fall asleep by and by.
I'm crying now 'cause you're so far away
But I'll be home at the end of the day.
Oh, babe, you are the one I love,
You are the one I'm thinking of.
So many words I need to say.
You'll hear them all at the end of the day.
But I'll be home at the end of the day."
"497" "Why do you whisper, green grass,
Why tell the trees what ain't so?
Whispering grass,
The trees don't have to know.
Why tell them all your secrets,
Who kissed there long ago?
Whispering grass,
The trees don't need to know.
Don't you tell it to the breeze,
'Cause she will tell the birds and bees,
And everyone will know
Because you told them once before.
Yes you told them once before,
It's no secret anymore.
Why tell them all the old things,
They're buried under the snow.
Whispering grass, don't tell the trees,
'Cause the trees don't need to know.
Now don't you tell it to the breeze
'cause she will tell the birds and bees,
And everyone will know
Because you told them once before.
Yes you told them once before,
It's no secret anymore.
Why tell them all the old things,
They're buried under the snow.
Whispering grass, don't tell the trees,
'Cause the trees don't need to know."
"498" "I've watched you rise up and I've watched you fall down
'Til you've lost everything but what money can own.
And you feel alright now, but for how long?
You feel alright now, how long?
Do me a favour, stay away from my door.
I could use some good company but I don't care for yours.
No more pageants, no more.
No more pageants, no more.
I find your words empty and you know as a rule
To you I have purposefully never been cruel.
But you waste my time, such fools.
You waste my time, such fools.
My love is not here, my love is away.
You've caught me alone but you've nothing to say.
And it's time to leave now and you know the way.
And it's time to leave and you know the way.
Go and live in the country and I'll stay in town.
I have everything but what money can own.
And I'll be just fine now, so long.
I'll be just fine now, so long.
So long."
"499" "I don't want your lonely mansion
With a tear in every room
All I want's the love you've promised
Beneath the halo moon
But you think I should be happy
With your money and your name
And hide myself in sorrows
While you play your cheatin' game
Silver threads and golden needles
Cannot mend this heart of mine
And I dare not drown my sorrows
In the warm glow of your mind
You can't buy my love with money
'Cause I ain't never was that kind
Silver threads and golden needles
Cannot mend this heart of mine
Silver threads and golden needles
Cannot mend this heart of mine
And I dare not drown my sorrows
In the warm glow of your mind
You can't buy my love with money
'Cause I ain't never was that kind
Silver threads and golden needles
Cannot mend this heart of mine"
"500" "Then came the question and it was about time.
The answer came back and it was long.
The house it was built by some man in a rhyme,
But whatever came of his talented son?
Who wrote me a dialogue set to a tune?
Always you told me of being alone,
Except for the stories about God and you,
And do you still live there in Buffalo?
They put up the walls with no more to say,
Nobody stopped to ask why it was done.
The stream was too far and the rain was too high,
So into the city the river did run.
Because of the architect the buildings fell down,
Smothered or drowned all the seeds which were sown.
I wish I were somewhere, but not in this town.
Maybe the ocean next time around.
I seem to remember the face and the name,
But if it's not you I won't care.
I know of changes, but nothing would change you
To Theo the sailor who sings in his lair.
And then I'll turn and he won't be there,
Dusky black windows to light the dark stair,
Candles all gnarled in the musty air
All without flames for many's the year."
"501" "Roses are red, and violets are blue,
Primroses pale on a velvet green hue,
Warm summer days by cool waterfalls,
Like the music we hear,
Those things we'll always hold dear,
Like an old fashioned waltz.
When the moonlight shines down
On the Hollywood world,
And the heroine waits
For her beau to return,
And violins play
From behind garden walls,
How I'd love to remain
With the silver refrain
Of an old fashioned waltz.
As they dance round the floor,
And there's no-one else there,
And the world is no more
And there's never a care,
By the perfect lagoon
Where the nightingale calls,
With only the moon
And the nostalgic tune
Of an old fashioned waltz.
Roses are red and violets are blue,
Primroses pale on a velvet green hue,
Warm summer days by cool waterfalls,
Like the music we hear,
Those things we'll always hold dear,
Like an old fashioned waltz,
Like an old fashioned waltz,
An old fashioned waltz."
"502" "Here comes the morning how it pleases
It always brings me something new
Its golden light will wash away the dust of yesterday
If I try it may let me forget you
And when these winter days are over
I mean to set myself upon my feet
I see me as something that I have never been
And I'll pick up the pieces that will make the girl complete
I'll be smiling all the time at everybody
My friends will tell me I'm just not the same
I won't linger over any tragedies that were
And I won't be singing any more sad refrains"
"503" "The summer was the reason
Why it took so long to see
That even if I do possess
Some seeds of honesty,
There is no garden,
So how come I have no land?
I shall be waiting here awhile
To see what comes to hand.
Misers mise and compromise;
I know what I have seen.
The wanderers are in the east;
That's where I should have been.
But I did not go there;
I couldn't find the way.
I do believe I made a try,
But I really couldn't say.
Oh, that wretched Wilbur,
He keeps ploughing up the land.
He fights the battle thoughtfully
With roses in his hands.
But where is the fight now?
So play us your merry song.
The autumn, it has blown away,
And the winter, it is long."
"504" "One evening fair I took the air
Down by Blackwaterside
'Twas gazing all around me
When the Irish lad I spied
All through the first part of that night
We did lie in sport and play,
When this young man arose and he gathered his clothes,
Saying, \"Fare thee well today\".
That's not the promise that you gave to me
When the first you lay on my breast,
You could make me believe with your lying tongue
That the sun rose in the west.
Go home, go home, to your father's garden
Go home and weep your fill,
And think upon your own misfortune
Which you bought with your wanton will."
"505" "(Sandy Denny)
Love, oh, don't we know
How can the river flow
Without you
Warming like the sand
Upon the land
How can we doubt you?
Dark to me the night
And dim the morning light tomorrow
How can we not see
The simple melody of sorrow?
Oh, to be with you
Oh, to see them through
Those days when we think you are gone
They are so lonesome and so long
What shall we do?
Parting comes to soon
My weary tune
Has lost its pleasure
Waiting for the time
This lonely wine
Has lost its treasure
Dark to me the night
And dim the morning light tomorrow
How could I not see
The simple melody of sorrow?
Oh, to be with you
Oh, to see them through
These days when I think you are gone
They are so lonesome and so long
What shall we do?"
"506" "(By Sandy Denny. U.F.O. Music, Inc. (C) 1972)
My name is Jan the gypsy
I travel the land.
There are no chains about me
I am me own man.
I can tell a fair old story which I'm sure ain't no surprise
Of the places I have been, oh,
And they ain't no lies.
I've never had a proper home,
Not one like yours is.
I've nearly always had a caravan
With 'orses.
And I know you won't believe me
Though it is the truth to tell
That the living it is hard, oh,
But it suits me well.
I am I traveller of the seas,
I am a sailor.
The ocean has been good to me,
She ain't no jailor.
I can tell a fair old story which I'm sure ain't no surprise
Of the places I have sailed, oh,
And they ain't no lies.
I've never had a garden,
Or a place with windows.
I stand upon the salty deck,
And feel the wind blow.
And I know you won't believe me
Though it is the truth to tell
That the living it is hard, oh,
But it suits me well.
My mother was a fireeater,
'Fore she desert us.
So when I was only severn years old
I joined the circus.
And I can tell a fair old story which I'm sure ain't no surprise
Of the places we have played, oh,
And it ain't no lies.
I've never had no money,
And no hope to get none.
I can always get a penny,
When there is good reason.
And I know you won't believe me
Though it is the truth to tell
That the living it is hard, oh,
But it suits me well."
"507" "(By Sandy Denny. U.F.O. Music, Inc. (C) 1972)
I can't believe that it's so cold
And there ain't been no snow.
The sound of music it comes to me
>From every place I go.
Sunday morning, there's no one in church,
But the clergy's chosen man
And he is fine I won't worry about him.
Got the book in his hand.
Oh, there's a bitter east wind, and the fields are swaying,
The crows are round their nests.
I wonder what he's in there a saying
To all those souls at rest.
I see the path which lead to the door,
And the clergy's chosen man.
Bushes and bria
You and I,
Where do we stand?
I wonder if he knows I'm here,
Watching the briars grow.
And all these people beneath my shoes,
I wonder if they know.
There was a time when every last one,
Knew a clergy's chosen man.
Where are they now?
Thistles and thorns,
Among the sand."
"508" "Missed the morning too, didn't rise before noon.
She's a lazy lady today.
Always yawning, you with your eyes on the moon.
You're a crazy lady I'd say, da da da.
Now should I say more, for I know so well
And you're no hazy maiden in grey.
How can I be sure, it's not easy to tell.
But you're a crazy lady, I'd say.
Crazy lady."
"509" "The Summertime's escaping, and the carnival's away,
And the sunshine is awaiting for another sunny day.
Breakers whisper to the shells upon the shore,
And hear the seagulls they cry for more.
And hear the gulls they cry for more.
Good day to you sweet Autumn, so gently you appear.
Why I never even realized those rustic times were near.
The moment's changing from a dusty green to gold,
The Summer fair she has grown old.
The Summer fair she has grown old.
And away in the blue of the skies and over the trees
How the carnival flies on the wings of a breeze.
You've had your time and now it's mine for me to go,
These colder days they move too slow.
These older days they move too slow.
So the Summertime is leaving, and the carnival's away,
So the sunshine is relieving us of all our sunny days.
But I'll be waiting for to greet your fleeting calls,
So come back soon the carnival.
So come back soon the carnival.
Come back soon."
"510" "Crash on the levee, mama,
Water's gonna overflow,
Swamp's gonna rise,
No boat's gonna row.
Now, you can train on down
To Williams Point,
You can bust your feet,
You can rock this joint.
But oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
You're gonna have to find yourself
Another best friend, somehow.
Now, don't you try an' move me,
You're just gonna lose.
There's a crash on the levee
And, mama, you've been refused.
Well, it's sugar for sugar
And salt for salt,
If you go down in the flood,
It's gonna be your own fault.
Oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
You're gonna have to find yourself
Another best friend, somehow.
Well, that high tide's risin',
Mama, don't you let me down.
Pack up your suitcase,
Mama, don't you make a sound.
Now, it's king for king,
Queen for queen,
It's gonna be the meanest flood
That anybody's seen.
Oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
Yes, you're gonna have to find yourself
Another best friend, somehow."
"511" "(Sandy Denny)
They said that it was snowing
In astounded tones upon the news
I wonder why they're always so surprised
'Cos every year it snows
Frozen images of snowploughs
As they churn along the motorways
I haven't had no boots to wear
Or any loot to spare
For days and days
I've travelled more than forty miles today
I must have grown some wings
It's strange how time just seems to fly away
I can't remember things
In a world of my own they say
And who can blame them
They're just not the same
I've known about it all along
Though I thought I was all wrong
And it's such a shame
Why don't you have no brushes any more
I used to like your style
I see no paintings anywhere
And there's no smell of turpentine
Did it really have no meaning?
Well, I never thought I'd hear those words from you
Who needs a meaning anyway
I'd settle anyday
For a very fine view
Well, I couldn't even tell you all the changes
Since you saw me last
My dreams were like the autumn leaves
They faded and they fell so fast
In fact as you say the snows are here
And how the time it slips away
But I'm glad you did pass by
I think I'll have another try
It's another day
The day and then the night had gone
It was not long before the dawn
And the travelling one
Who sat so stiffly in the chair
Began to yawn
Having kept me here so long my friend
I hope you have a sleeping place to lend
But the painter he just smiled and said
\"I'll see you in a while\"
This one has no end"
"512" ""
"513" ""
"514" ""
"515" ""
"516" ""
"517" ""
"518" ""
"519" ""
"520" ""
"521" ""
"522" ""
"523" ""
"524" ""
"525" ""
"526" ""
"527" ""
"528" ""
"529" ""
"530" ""
"531" "When I wake up in the morning love and the sun light hurts my eyes
And something without warning love, bears heavy on my mind
Then I look at you and the world's alright with me
Just one look at you and I know it's gonna be
A lovely day
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
A Lovely day
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
When the day that lies ahead of me seems impossible to face
When someone else instead of me always seems to know the way
Then I look at you and the world's alright with me
Just one look at you and I know it's gonna be
A lovely day
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
A Lovely day
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
When the day that lies ahead of me seems impossible to face
When someone else instead of me always seems to know the way
Then I look at you and the world is alright with me
Ah, just one look at you and I know it's gonna be
A lovely day
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
A Lovely day
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
A lovely day
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
A Lovely day
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
It's a lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day"
"532" ""
"533" "Train I ride, sixteen coaches long
Train I ride, sixteen coaches long
Well that long black train got my baby and gone
Train train, comin' 'round, 'round the bend
Train train, comin' 'round, 'round the bend
Well it took my baby, but it never will again
No, not again
Train train, comin' down, down the line
Train train, comin' down, down the line
Well it's bringin' my baby, 'cause she's mine all, all mine
She's mine, all, all mine
Train train, comin' 'round, 'round the bend
Train train, comin' 'round, 'round the bend
Well it took my baby, but it never will again
Never will again
(Ooh, woah)"
"534" ""
"535" ""
"536" "Keep on the sunny side, always on the sunny side
Keep on the sunny side of life
It will help us every day, it will brighten all the way
If we keep on the sunny side of life
There's a dark and a troubled side of life
There's a bright and a sunny side too
And tho' we meet with the darkness and strife
The sunny side we also may view
Keep on the sunny side, always on the sunny side
Keep on the sunny side of life
It will help us every day, it will brighten all the way
If we'll keep on the sunny side of life
Tho storm and its fury broke today
Crushing hopes that we cherish so dear
Clouds and storms will in time pass away
And he sun again will shine bright and clear
Keep on the sunny side, always on the sunny side
Keep on the sunny side of life
It will help us every day, it will brighten all the way
If we'll keep on the sunny side of life
Let us greet with the song of hope each day
Tho' the moments be cloudy or fair
Let us trust in our Savior always
To keep everyone in His care
And keep on the sunny side, always on the sunny side
Keep on the sunny side of life
It will help us every day, it will brighten all the way
If we'll keep on the sunny side of life
If we'll keep on the sunny side of life"
"537" "Up in the mornin' and out to school
The teacher is teachin' the golden rule
American history and practical math
You studyin' hard and hopin' to pass
Workin' your fingers right down to the bone
And the guy behind you won't leave you alone
Ring, ring goes the bell
The cook in the lunch room's ready to sell
You're lucky if you can find a seat
You're fortunate if you have time to eat
Back in the classroom, open your books
Keep up the teacher don't know how mean she looks
Soon as three o'clock rolls around
You finally lay your burden down
Close up your books, get out of your seat
Down the halls and into the street
Up to the corner and 'round the bend
Right to the juke joint, you go in
Drop the coin right into the slot
You're gotta hear somethin' that's really hot
With the one you love, you're makin' romance
All day long you been wantin' to dance
Feeling the music from head to toe
Round and round and round you go
Drop the coin right into the slot
You're gotta hear somethin' that's really hot
With the one you love, you're makin' romance
All day long you been wantin' to dance
Feelin' the music from head to toe
Round and round and round you go
Hail, hail rock and roll
Deliver me from the days of old
Long live rock and roll
The beat of the drums, loud and bold
Rock, rock, rock and roll
The feelin' is there, body and soul"
"538" ""
"539" ""
"540" ""
"541" "If you want to write a rainbow come with me
I will take you to the magic purple sea
Maybe we will find a thousand sugar fish
When you eat them they will grand your every wish
And if you want your friends to come
Then, bring them all along
If you want to catch a star then walk my way
I will take you where the night is always day
You can follow me if you really try
Maybe we will find a rainbow and teach it to fly
And if you want your friends to come
Then, bring them all along
I will take you through the magic dancing wood
And I will take you where the goblins are all good
I will take you where the elfs and pixies do sing
And I will take you round the magic fairy ring
And if you want your friends to come
Then, bring them all along
By your hat andlet your eyes lids close on down
Where we're going we won't need to bring your frown
You will find that all the things that I have said
Will come true when you are lying in your bed
And if you want your friends to come
Then, bring them all along"
"542" ""
"543" ""
"544" ""
"545" ""
"546" ""
"547" ""
"548" ""
"549" ""
"550" "You get a hammer and I'll get a nail;
You catch a bird and I'll catch a snail;
You bring a board and I'll bring a saw,
and we'll build a house for the ba-by-o
CHORUS:
Bling blang, ham-mer with my ham-mer,
Zingo zango cutting with my saw.
I'll grab some mud and you grab some clay
So when it rains it won't wash away.
We'll build a house that'll be so strong,
The winds will sing my baby a song.
CHORUS
Run bring rocks and I'll bring bricks.
A nice pretty house we'll build and fix.
We'll jump inside when the cold wind blows
And kiss our pretty little baby-o.
CHORUS
You bring a ladder and I'll get a box.
Build our house out of bricks and blocks.
When the snowbird flies and the honeybee comes,
We'll feed our baby on honey in the comb.
CHORUS"
"551" ""
"552" ""
"553" ""
"554" "Grass grass grass
Tree tree tree
Leafy leaf leaf
One two three
Birdy birdy bird
Fly fly fly
Nest nest nest
High high high
Cloudy cloudy cloud
Wind wind wind
Rain rain rain
Mud mud mud
Doggie doggie
Dog runy run run
Quickie quick quick
Homey home home
Bedy bed bed
Sheety sheet sheet
Sleepy sleep sleep
Dreamy dream dream
Dancie dance dance
Singy sing sing
Grow grow grow
Biggy big big"
"555" ""
"556" "All her friends call her Little Wing
But she flies rings around them all
She comes to town when the children sing
And leaves them feathers if they fall
She leaves her feathers if they fall
Little Wing, don't fly away
When the summer turns to fall
Don't you know some people say
The winter is the best time of them all
Winter is the best of all"
"557" ""
"558" ""
"559" ""
"560" ""
"561" ""
"562" "oh john the rabbit yes sir
had a mighty bad habit yes sir
eating all my fresh tomatoes yes sir
and if I live yes sir
I won`t have no garten at all no sir."
"563" ""
"564" "I first met you down on lover's lane
You were just like an angel
With angel golden wings
We walked along we sang a song
The birds were singing too
It seems like heaven here on earth
Just to be again with you
You're just the girl of my dreams;
It seems that my dreams
Never come true
At night we'd sit out on the old porch swing
Stars were shining brightly
Softly you would sing
You'd sing of happy days gone by
It makes me happy too
It'd be like heaven here on earth
If I could be with you
You're just the girl of my dreams;
It seems my dreams
Never come true
I first met you down on lover's lane
You were just like an angel
My little brown eyed Jane
We walked along we hummed a song
The birds were singing too
It'd be like heaven here on earth
Just to be again with you
You're just the girl of my dreams;
It seems that my dreams
Never come true
You're just the girl of my dreams;
It seems that my
Dreams never come true"
"565" ""
"566" ""
"567" ""
"568" "You are my sunshine
My only sunshine
You make me happy
When sky's are grey
You'll never know, dear
How much I love you
Please don't take my sunshine away
The other night, dear
As I lay sleeping
I dreamed I held you in my arms
When I awoke, dear
I was mistaken
And I hung my head and cried
You are my sunshine
My only sunshine
You make me happy
When sky's are grey
You'll never know, dear
How much I love you
Please don't take my sunshine away
Please don't take my sunshine away"
"569" ""
"570" ""
"571" ""
"572" ""
"573" "You get a line I'll get a pole, honey
You get a line I'll get a pole, babe
You get a line I'll get a pole
And we'll go down to that crawdad hole
Honey, oh baby mine
Get up now you slept to late, honey
Get up now you slept to late, babe
Get up now you slept to late
The crawdad man done past your gate
Honey, oh baby mine
What you gonna do when the lake runs dry, honey
What you gonna do when the lake runs dry, babe
What you gonna do when the lake run dry
Sit and watch those crawdads fly
Honey, baby mine
You get a line I'll get a pole, honey
You get a line I'll get a pole, babe
You get a line I'll get a pole
And we'll go down to that crawdad hole
Honey, oh baby mine
Honey, oh baby mine
Honey, oh baby mine
Honey, oh baby mine"
"574" ""
"575" ""
"576" "One, two, three
Four, five, six
Seven, eight, nine
Ten, eleven, twelve
Ladybugs
Came to the ladybugs' picnic
One, two, three
Four, five, six
Seven, eight, nine
Ten, eleven, twelve
And they all played games
At the ladybugs' picnic
They had twelve sacks, so they ran sack races
They fell on their backs, and they fell on their faces
The ladybugs twelve
At the ladybugs' picnic
They played jump rope, but the rope - it broke
So they just sat around telling knock-knock jokes
The ladybugs twelve
At the ladybugs' picnic
One, two, three
Four, five, six
Seven, eight, nine
Ten, eleven, twelve
And they chatted away
At the ladybugs' picnic
They talked about the high price of furniture and rugs
And fire insurance for ladybugs
The ladybugs twelve
At the ladybugs' picnic
Twelve!"
"577" "Froggy went a-courtin' and he did ride
With a sword and a pistol by his side
He rode 'til he came to Miss Mousie's door
Where he'd often been before
Miss Mousie came a-trippin down
Green glass slippers and a golden gown
He took Miss Mouse upon his knee
And he said \"Miss Mouse, will you marry me?\"
Keemo Kymo, Kymo Kee
Way down yonder in a in a hollow tree
An owl and a bat and a bumblebee
King Kong Kitchie Kitchie Ki-Me-O
\"Without my Uncle Rat's consent
Boy I would not marry the President\"
That ol' Rat laughed 'til he shook his sides
To think Miss Mousie would be a bride
What will the wedding supper be?
Two butter beans and a black-eyed pea
What more will the wedding supper be?
Buttercups and dew-drop tea
REFRAIN
The first came in was a silver moth
She spread her wings for a tablecloth
The next came in was a bumblebee
Set a little banjo on her knee
Next came in was the old gray goose
Picked up his fiddle and he cut loose
Next came in were two little ants
Well they stood up to have a dance
REFRAIN
Oh what a feast for the wedding day
Still they left for the honeymoon right away
Now they live far off in a hollow tree
Where they have good health and children three
REFRAIN 2x"
"578" ""
"579" "You are my sunshine
My only sunshine
You make me happy
When sky's are grey
You'll never know, dear
How much I love you
Please don't take my sunshine away
The other night, dear
As I lay sleeping
I dreamed I held you in my arms
When I awoke, dear
I was mistaken
And I hung my head and cried
You are my sunshine
My only sunshine
You make me happy
When sky's are grey
You'll never know, dear
How much I love you
Please don't take my sunshine away
Please don't take my sunshine away"
"580" ""
"581" ""
"582" ""
"583" ""
"584" "You are my sunshine
My only sunshine
You make me happy
When sky's are grey
You'll never know, dear
How much I love you
Please don't take my sunshine away
The other night, dear
As I lay sleeping
I dreamed I held you in my arms
When I awoke, dear
I was mistaken
And I hung my head and cried
You are my sunshine
My only sunshine
You make me happy
When sky's are grey
You'll never know, dear
How much I love you
Please don't take my sunshine away
Please don't take my sunshine away"
"585" "Skip, skip, skip to my lou, (3x)
Skip to my lou my darlin'
Bees and the butterflies, yellow and blue
Bees and the butterflies, yellow and blue
Elephants all sing cockadoodle-doo
Skip to my lou my darlin'
Ducks on the pond and a biscuit too
Ducks on the pond and a biscuit too
A funny little bunny with a hole in a shoe
Skip to my lou my darlin'
Crows in the cornfield, two by two
Crows in the cornfield, two by two
Flies in the sugar bowl, shoo fly shoo
Skip to my lou my darlin'
Hey, hey, skip to my lou
Hey, hey, skip to my lou
Skip, skip, skip to my lou
Skip to my lou my darlin'
Pretty little cow jumping over the moon
Pretty little cow jumping over the moon
I don't know how but I wanna fly too
Skip to my lou my darlin'
Hey, hey, skip to my lou
Hey, hey, skip to my lou
Skip, skip, skip to my lou
Skip to my Lou my darlin'
Skip, skip, skip to my lou, (3x)
Skip to my lou my darlin'"
"586" ""
"587" ""
"588" "Do it how I like it
Do it, do it how I like it
Suffocation ...
I don't mind it
Gimme all of love
Your existence
Cover me with internal
Emotions you been hiding all this time now baby
Don't be scared to open up I see that you been dying
Lately
Give me what you're holding onto
Hiding, ooooh
Do it how I like it
Won't you put it down for me?
Won't you lay it down for me?
Wont you turn this out for on me?
Do it how I like it
Won't you put it down for me?
Won't you lay it down for me?
Baby can't you see?
I'm FEENIN'
I'm FEENIN'
Connection,
Your fingers
Your kisses are my trigger
Cover me with all of your affection baby
you don't have to wait no longer
Baby please won't you please do it like the way I wanna
Do it how I like it
Won't you put it down for me?
Won't you lay it down for me?
Wont you turn this out for on me?
Do it how I like it
Won't you put it down for me?
Won't you lay it down for me?
Baby can't you see?
I'm FEENIN'
I'm FEENIN'
Do it how I like it
Won't you put it down for me?
Won't you lay it down for me?
Wont you turn this out for on me?
Do it how I like it
Won't you put it down for me?
Won't you lay it down for me?
Baby can't you see?
I'm FEENIN'
I'm FEENIN'"
"589" "By Michael Brown
Oh, we're meetin' at the courthouse at eight o'clock tonight
You just walk in the door and take the first turn to the right
Be careful when you get there, we hate to be bereft
But we're taking down the names of everybody turning left
Oh, we're the John Birch Society, the John Birch Society
Here to save our country from a communistic plot
Join the John Birch Society, help us fill the ranks
To get this movement started we need lots of tools and cranks
Now there's no one that we're certain the Kremlin doesn't touch
We think that Westbrook Pegler doth protest a bit too much
We only hail the hero from whom we got our name
We're not sure what he did but he's our hero just the same
Oh, we're the John Birch Society, the John Birch Society
Socialism is the ism dismalest of all
Join the John Birch Society, there's so much to do
Have you heard they're serving vodka at the WCTU?
Well you've heard about the agents that we've already named
Well MPA has agents that are flauntedly unashamed
We're after Rosie Clooney, we've gotten Pinkie Lee
And the day we get Red Skelton won't that be a victory
Oh we're the John Birch Society, the John Birch Society
Norman Vincent Peale may think he's kidding us along
But the John Birch Society knows he spilled the beans
He keeps on preaching brotherhood, but we know what he means
We'll teach you how to spot 'em in the cities or the sticks
For even Jasper Junction is just full of Bolsheviks
The CIA's subversive and so's the FCC
There's no one left but thee and we, and we're not sure of thee
Oh, we're the John Birch Society, the John Birch Society
Here to save our country from a communistic plot
Join the John Birch Society holding off the Reds
We'll use our hand and hearts and if we must we'll use our heads
Do you want Justice Warren for your Commissar?
Do you want Mrs. Krushchev in there with the DAR?
You cannot trust your neighbor or even next of kin
If mommie is a commie then you gotta turn her in
Oh, we're the John Birch Society, the John Birch Society
Fighting for the right to fight the right fight for the Right
Join the John Birch Society as we're marching on
And we'll all be glad to see you when we're meeting in the John
The John, the John Birch So- ci- I- teee."
"590" "Album:(The Chad Mitchell Trio Collection)
When Johnny comes marching home again,
Hurrah! Hurrah!
We'll give him a hearty welcome then,
Hurrah! Hurrah!
The men will cheer, the boys will shout,
The ladies they will all turn out,
And we'll all be there,
When Johnny comes marching home.
When Johnny comes marching home again,
Hurrah! Hurrah!
We'll give him a hearty welcome then,
Hurrah! Hurrah!
The men will cheer, the boys will shout,
The ladies they will all turn out,
And we'll all be there,
When Johnny comes marching home.
With drums and guns and guns and drums, hurroo, hurroo
With drums and guns and guns and drums, hurroo, hurroo
With drums and guns and guns and drums
The enemy nearly slew ye,
Darling John, it's been so long,
Johnny I hardly knew ye.
Tis glad I am to see ye home, hurroo, hurroo
Tis glad I am to see ye home, hurroo, hurroo
Tis glad I am to see ye home
My darling John, so pale and worn
So low in check, so high in bone
Oh Johnny I hardly knew ye.
When Johnny comes marching home again,
Hurrah! Hurrah!
We'll give him a hearty welcome then,
Hurrah! Hurrah!
The men will cheer, the boys will shout,
The ladies they will all turn out,
And we'll all be there,
When Johnny comes marching home.
Where are your eyes that were so mild, hurroo, hurroo
Where are your eyes that were so mild, hurroo, hurroo
Where are your eyes that were so mild
When my poor heart you first beguiled
Why did ye run from me and the child
Oh Johnny, I hardly knew ye.
When Johnny comes marching home again,
Hurrah! Hurrah!
We'll give him a hearty welcome then,
Hurrah! Hurrah!
The men will cheer, the boys will shout,
The ladies they will all turn out,
And we'll all be there,
When Johnny comes marching home.
Where are your legs that used to run, hurroo, hurroo
Where are your legs that used to run, hurroo, hurroo
Where are your legs that used to run
When first you went to carry a gun
Indeed your dancing days are done
Oh Johnny, I hardly knew ye.
Ye haven't an arm, and ye haven't a leg, hurroo, hurroo
Ye haven't an arm, and ye haven't a leg, hurroo, hurroo
Ye haven't an arm, and ye haven't a leg
Ye're an armless, boneless, chickenless egg
And Ye'll have to put with a bowl to beg
Oh Johnny I hardly knew ye.
When Johnny comes marching home again,
Hurrah! Hurrah!
We'll give him a hearty welcome then,
Hurrah! Hurrah!
The men will cheer, the boys will shout,
The ladies they will all turn out,
And we'll all be there,
When Johnny comes marching home"
"591" "I Can't Help But Wonder Where I'm Bound
Chad Mitchell Trio
It's a long and a dusty road.
It's a hard and a heavy load
And the folks we meet ain't always kind.
Some are bad and some are good.
Some have done the best they could.
Some have tried to ease our troubling mind.
Chorus:
And I can't help but wonder where I'm bound, where I'm bound.
Can't help but wonder where I'm bound.
I have traveled across this land
Just a-doing the best I can.
Tryin' to find what I was meant to do.
And the faces that I see
Are as worried as can be.
Looks like they've been wonderin', too.
Chorus
I had a buddy, way back home,
But he started out to roam
And I hear he's out by Monterey,
And sometimes, when I've had a few,
His voice comes singin' through
And I'm a-goin' out to see him some old day.
Chorus
If you see us passin' by
And you sit and you wonder why
And you wish that you were a rambler, too.
Nail your shoes to the kitchen floor,
Lace 'em up, bar the door
And thank the stars for the roof that's over you.
Chorus
And I can't help but wonder where I'm bound, where I'm bound,
Can't help but wonder where I'm bound."
"592" "Well, they called him Super Skier
As he sat around the sun-deck,
For he swore that he would never take a spill
When they finally took him down
They had to use three toboggans
To carry all the pieces down the hill
[Chorus]
He was comin' down that slope
Goin' ninety miles an hour
When he caught an edge of his ski
Well, his clothes, they were fast,
But the slopes, they were faster
That's the last of Super Skier we shall see
Well, he hollered, \"What the hell!\"
As he put 'em parallel
He figured there was nothing else to learn
(Oh, no...)
And as he started on his way,
He was shoutin', \"Andele!\",
Assuming that he'd never have to turn.
Well, he was slippin' down that slope
Goin' ninety miles an hour
When a mogul flipped him in the air
His jumping form was fine
Until he ran into that pine,
And two one-legged skiers left from there
[Chorus]
When he left that tree at last,
He was moving twice as fast
Both halves were skimming
Moguls like a feather
He said, \"If I must be
A split personality,
How can I ever keep my knees together?\"
One ski was headed east,
And the other headed west,
'Cause both of them, you see,
Were running freer
And folks up on Little Nell
Looked up, scared as hell,
Said, \"It's a bird.\" \"No, it's a
Plane.\" \"It's Super Skier!\"
[Chorus]
Now the moral of my story
Though my story's kinda gory
Is very simple even to a dope
You buy the fastest clothes you can,
Then talk skiing like a man,
But don't let people catch you on the slope!
[Chorus]
Well he was comin' down that slope
Goin' ninety miles an hour
When he caught an edge of his ski
Well, his clothes they were fast
But the slopes, they were faster
That's the last of Super Skier we shall see
That's the last of super skier we shall see!"
"593" "by Woody Guthrie
I was born about ten thousand years ago
There ain't nuthin' in this world that I don't know
I saw Peter Paul and Moses playin' ring-around-the-roses
And I'll whup the guy what says it isn't so
Well, I'm just a lonesome traveler, a great historical bum
Highly educated through history I have come
I built the Rock of Ages, it was in the year oh one
And that's about the biggest thing that Man has ever done
I saw Adam and Eve driven from the door
I'm the guy that picked the figleaves that they wore
And from behind the bushes peepin' saw the apple they was eatin'
And I swear that I'm the one that et the core
Now I built the garden of Eden, it was in the year oh two
Joined the apple-pickers union and I always paid my dues
I'm the man that signed the contract to raise the risin' sun
And that's about the biggest thing that Man has ever done
I taught Samson how to use his mighty hand
I showed Columbus to this happy land
And for Pharaoh's little kiddies I built all the pyramiddies
And to the Sahara carried all the sand
Now I was strawboss on the pyramids and the tower of Babel too
I opened up the ocean, let the mighty children through
I fought a million battles and I never lost a one
And that's about the biggest thing that Man has ever done
I taught Solomon his little ABC's
I'm the first one to eat Limburger cheese
And while floating down the bay with Methuseleh one day
I saw his whiskers floating in the breeze
Now I fought the revolution that set this country free
It was me and a couple of Indians that dumped the Boston tea
I won the battle of Valley Forge and the battle of Bully Run
And that's about the biggest thing that Man has ever done
Now Queen Elizabeth she fell in love with me
We were married in Milwaukee secretly
But I got tired and shook her and ran off with General Hooker
To go shootin' skeeters down in Tennessee
[Repeat first two verses]"
"594" "Come Along Home
Chad Mitchell Trio
Album: \"At The Bitter End\"
[Chorus:]
Come along, won't you come along home now.
Night is falling and the path is steep.
Come along, won't you come along home now.
Water's running and the river is deep.
[M:]
Last night I heard a sweet voice calling:
[All:]
\"Come along, won't you come along home.\"
[M:]
Wind on the river and the calves are fallin'.
[All:]
Come along, won't you come along home.
[Chorus]
[M,C:]
Wind goes whissh, and the trees are sighin'.
[All:]
Come along, won't you come along home.
[C:]
Somebody's born and somebody's dyin'.
[All:]
Come along, won't you come along home.
[Chorus]
[C:]
Every night, the voice gets bolder.
[All:]
Come along, won't you come along home.
[C:]
Song gets sweeter as I grow older.
[All:]
Come along, won't you come along home.
[Chorus]"
"595" "Ain't No More Cane On This Brazos
Chad Mitchell Trio
Album: \"Singing Our Minds\"
Ain't no more cane on this Brazos by the buoy.
Oh, oh, oh.
Well, we done ground it all to molasses.
Oh, oh, oh.
When I came down here had a number for my name.
Oh, oh, oh.
Well they chained us together and we started cuttin' cane.
Oh, oh, oh.
I wish you was here in 19 and 10.
Oh, oh, oh. (Well they was...)
They was drivin' the women just like they was men.
Oh, oh, oh.
I wish you was here when the storm winds came.
Oh, oh, oh.
Left a man lyin' dead and we cut him off the chain.
Oh, oh, oh.
If I had a sentence like ninety-nine and nine.
Oh, oh, oh. (There ain't no...)
Ain't no dogs on this Brazos could keep me on that line.
Oh, oh, oh.
Well, Alberta, why don't you let your hair hang down.
Oh, oh, oh.
Let it hang right down, 'till it touches the ground.
Oh, oh, oh.
Why don't you go down, ol' Hannah, don't you rise up no more.
Oh, oh, oh.
Well, they worked me so hard, that I can't work no more.
Oh, oh, oh.
Ain't no more cane on this Brazos by the border.
Oh, oh, oh.
Well, we done ground it all to molasses.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh."
"596" "Come on, you men of sportin' blood and listen to my story
'Tis of the noble Stewball, a gallant racing pony
'Tis also of his rider, who brought ol' Stewball over
He's the diamond of the land and he rolls around in clover
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win, oh, you'll win
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win
Oh, the horses they were all brought out with saddle, whip and bridle
The gentlemen did shout when they saw the gallant riders
And some did shout, \"Hooray\" and the air was filled with curses
On the mare, Griselda, the sportsmen lay their purses
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win, oh, you'll win
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win
Oh, the trumpet it did sound, and they shot off like an arrow
Ol' Stewball scarcely touched the ground, and the goin' it was narrow
Griselda passed him by, and the sportsmen all did holler
?Oh the gray will win the day, and Stewball, he can foller?
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win, oh, you'll win
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win
In the middle of the track, up spoke the noble rider
?I fear we must fall back, that gray is runnin' like a tiger?
Up spoke the noble horse, \"Ride on, ride on my master
We're only half way round the course, and now we'll see who's faster?
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win, oh, you'll win
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win
And as they did discourse, ol' Stewball flew like lightnin'
He dashed around the course, and the gray mare she was taken
Ride on, ride on, my noble horse for a good two hundred guineas
Your saddle, it shall be of gold when we pick up our winnings
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win, oh, you'll win
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win
Well, past the winning post, bold Stewball went so handy
And both the horse and rider called for sherry, wine and brandy
They drank to that gray mare, the gallant Miss Griselda
And to all who lost their money on the sporting plains of Kildare
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win, oh, you'll win
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win, oh, you'll win
Bet on Stewball, my boy, and you might win"
"597" "Hey!
(Hey)
I want you to want me
I need you to need me
I'd love you to love me
I'm begging you to beg me
I want you to want me
I need you to need me
I'm begging you to beg me
Shine up your old brown shoes
Put on a brand new shirt
Get home early from work
If you say that you love me
Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I
See you crying?
Oh, didn't I, didn't I, didn't I
See you crying?
Feelin' all alone without a friend
You know you feel like dyin'
Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I
See you crying?
I want you to want me, yeah
I need you to need me
Oh, I'd love you to love me
I'm begging you to beg me
Shine up your old brown shoes
Put on a brand new shirt
Get home early from work
If you say that you love me, oh
Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I
See you crying?
(Crying)
Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I
See you crying?
Feelin' all alone without a friend
You know you feel like dyin'
Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I
See you crying?
I want you to want me
I need you to need me
Oh, I'd love you to love me
I'm begging you to beg me
I want you to want me
I said
I want you to want me
I want you to want me
I said
I want you"
"598" "A Te solo buon Signore
Si confanno gloria e onore
A Te ogni laude et benedizione
A Te solo si confanno
Che lAltissimo Tu sei
E nullomo degno
Te mentovare
Sii laudato Mio Signore
Con le Tue creature
Specialmente Frate Sole
E la sua luce
Tu ci illumini di lui
Ch bellezza e splendore
Ed altissimo Signore porta il segno
Sii laudato Mio Signore
Per sorelle Luna e Stelle
Ed in cielo le hai formate
Chiare e belle
Sii laudato per Frate Vento
Aria, nuvole e maltempo
Che alle Tue creature
Dan sostentamento
Sii laudato Mio Signore
Per sorella nostra Acqua
Bella e casta molto utile e preziosa
Sii laudato per Frate Folgo
Che ci illumina la notte
Ed bello e giocondo
E robusto e forte
Sii laudato Mio Signore
Per la nostra Madre Terra
Ella che ci sostenta e ci governa
Sii laudato Mio Signore
Vari frutti lei produce
Molti fiori coloriti
E verde erba
Sii laudato per coloro
Che perdonano per il Tuo amore
Sopportando infermit
E tribolazione
E beati sian coloro
Che cammineranno in pace
Che da Te buon Signore
Avran corona
Sii laudato Mio Signore
Per la Morte Corporale
Che da lei nessun che vive
Pu scappare
E beati saran quelli
Nella Tua volont
Che Sorella Morte
Non gli far male"
"599" "la pulce d'acqua
che l'ombra ti rub
e tu ora sei malato
e la mosca d'autunno
che hai schiacciato
non ti perdoner
Sull' acqua del ruscello
forse tu troppo ti sei chinato,
tu chiami la tua ombra ma
lei non ritorner
la pulce d'acqua
che l'ombra ti rub
e tu ora sei malato
e la serpe verde
che hai schiacciato
non ti perdoner
E allora devi a lungo cantare
per farti perdonare
e la pulce d'acqua che lo sa
l'ombra ti render"
"600" "Col mio soffio di vulcano canceller
il gelo di questa stanza
e col volo di una freccia trafigger
quella pallida luna a distanza;
ci sar e non ci sar,
continuer
la mia invisibile danza,
senza tracce sulla neve lieve sar,
mi dirai di s o mi dirai di no.
Avr il silenzio la voce che ho,
e mani lunghe abbastanza,
sar d'attesa e d'intesa, per
sapr quello che ancora non so.
Col mio cuore di matita corregger
gli errori fatti dal tempo
e con passo di guardiano controller
che si ferni o che avanzi pi lento;
ci sar e non ci sar, ti parler
con ogni fragile accento
e sar traccia sulla neve, neve sar,
mi dirai di s o mi dirai di no.
Sul manoscritto l'inchiostro sar
e mi avrai nero su bianco,
saranno gli occhi o i tarocchi, per
sapr quello che ancora non so;
mi dirai di s o mi dirai di no,
mi dirai di s o mi dirai di no.
Sarai sola nel tuo sole
o solo sar,
mi dirai di s o mi dirai di no,
mi dirai di s o mi dirai di no."
"601" "Quando andrai a Scarborough Fair
salvia, menta, prezzemolo e timo
Tu porta il segno del mio rimpianto
alla donna che allora io amavo.
Vorrei in dono una camicia di lino
salvia, menta, prezzemolo e timo
tu dille che non voglio ricami
ma che sappia che ancora io l'amo.
Per me basta un acro di terra
salvia, menta, prezzemolo e timo
Quella casa tra il mare e le dune
e la donna che allora io amavo.
Torner a coltivare i miei campi
salvia, menta, prezzemolo e timo
e distese di erica in fiore
perch sappia che ancora io l'amo."
"602" "Venite tutti, che strana meraviglia il mare ci port?..
Venite tutti, ?Gulliver il grande che il mare ci port?..
Addormentato davanti a noi Gulliver il grande...
?una nera montagna che ci toglie il sole,
?Gulliver il grande che il mare ci port?..
Cos?curioso davanti a noi
l'uomo montagna ci guarda gi?
venite tutti ad ammirare
la meraviglia vista mai.
Gli omini piccoli che sanno gi?
che la sua forza li aiuter?
Gulliver il grande si chiede gi?
in quale altro mare naufragher?
Venite tutti, che strana meraviglia il mare ci port?..
Venite tutti, ?Gulliver il nano che il mare ci port?..
Che effetto prima, davanti a noi Gulliver il nano,
ma i suoi occhi cercano gi?i nostri volti,
?Gulliver il nano che il mare ci port?
Venite tutti ad ammirare
la meraviglia con cui giocare,
cos?indifeso davanti a noi
come un bambino a cui insegnare,
E mentre invece dentro di s?
del nostro aspetto lui ride gi?
Gulliver il nano sognando sta
un altro mare per naufragare."
"603" "Stare at the stars slowly inhale lies brought on,
the past tense is now can you feel it,
exhale with the thought of letting go of rivalry,
soon it will be pure again,
so collapse your eyes,
collide those lips with mine,
let your feet leave the earth and float away,
caught up with small talk,
not used to this we may be,
are you surprised that I failed for you to notice,
timing means everything,
at least that's what you used to say,
sorry I don't have any at all,
so collapse your eyes,
collide those lips with mine,
let your feet leave the earth and float away,
so sit and listen,
excuse me for the excuse not to lie,
some say that policies own the moon,
but who's to tell us,
(x2)
woaahh ohh wooahh ohh, but who's to tell us
(x2)
so collapse your eyes,
collide those lips with mine,
let your feet leave the earth and float away."
"604" "Is this time consuming or am I insecure,
Take this chance don't want you out of here,
Recovering, desperate is on its way,
Tell my teacher that I was out of time,
Time is only out of you,
and ill follow myself a new goddamn home,
correct the doubtful section,
start an instant rumor,
while the next conversation goes on,
he can worry calmly, bent right out of shape,
I'll see it all from back when there's time,
Time is only out of you,
and ill follow myself a new goddamn home,
whether you cry you'll see I don't have it in me to fade,
Time is only out of you,
and ill follow myself a new goddamn home."
"605" "Come along,
Cause it's time to start the revolution!
ladies and gentlemen I'm confused,
did he just say the same old story,
ladies and gentlemen I refuse,
to be a part of an age of no return,
Open the delicate,
we are lost,
trying to get out of here,
open up (yeah) to the sound of tears and the lies we once knew,
ladies and gentlemen we were meant to lead,
follow the path we're born to,
and their eyes, they will see,
Open the delicate,
we are lost,
trying to get out of here,
open up (yeah) to the sound of tears and the lies we once knew,
come along,
cause its time to start the revolution!
The walls are starting to break down,
We've got to keep it together."
"606" "Screaming for that final way,
Who's to find you through this thick unsturdy hall,
all that hails to the king of fame,
will not live to see the day denial,
cause they're making us, and faking us into colonies that they hide from,
paying with shipments,
no guarantees no returns,
a product of the provider is,
I think I see oh no it couldn't be,
the golden ticket to heaven,
cause they're making us, and faking us into colonies that they hide from,
To predict the ties of infamy is to paralyze the heart and soul of life,"
"607" "Splash into the pool that surrounds you,
how may I be of your service,
when no one else replies,
comments they float from all directions,
making it hard to be overwhelmed by illusion,
we control the artificial life, you really got to love it,
when I'm in plain view,
Splash over the mountain tops of angry principals,
calling you out, calling you right when they were wrong,
excuse the impressions gave on how to make a change,
Cause they weren't meant for only you.
we control the artificial life, you really got to love it,
when I'm in plain view,
The love is in the air, yet not for sale,
release your energy while gravity's pulling you,
right back down to reality,
(lie),
Changes, they overwhelm me (Liar),
Failing to take control (you fucking Liar),
we control the artificial life, you really got to love it,
when I'm in plain view."
"608" "The touch, the taste of innocence,
no confidence inside of this place, that awaits us,
The red I see, they're coming for me,
Can't ignore the foul smell in the air,
The are waiting for you,
To play this game again,
So please take me back to the end,
The touch, the taste of innocence,
no confidence inside of this place, that awaits us,
do you have the time cause my watch always says half past noon, could you save me form this hell I'm in?
The are waiting for you,
To play this game again,
So please take me back to the end,
They are waiting for you (take me back),
The are waiting for you,
To play this game again,
So please take me back to the end."
"609" "It's the pain that runs,
underneath the chest plate,
holding itself inside,
I do believe in us,
Come back to me I'm only human,
I am in love,
Theres no hurry to be happy,
dry those blue colored eyes,
there's no room for remorsing here,
oh no,
I am alone,
believe me when I say to you."
"610" "Rapparit ne rapattaa
kuin papatit ne papattaa.
Laki ilotulitteista
ei oo tuttu.
Liian isot vaatteet
iti osti vahingossa.
Kielitoimistossa
tdit pyyt:
Hyv humppaa Suomesta
ja tietysti suomeksi.
Suomen kieli on kallista
kun sen oikein oivaltaa.
Hevi hemmot kirkuu
mihinks niit' sattuu.
Vanha kehnon kutsu:
\"prui trutuituu\".
Ent jos se tuliskin
ja ovikelloo soittais.
Hevijannu karskeinkin
nahkahousut sottais.
Hyv humppaa Suomesta
ja tietysti suomeksi.
Suomen kieli on kallista
kun sen oikein oivaltaa.
Hy humppaa Suomesta
ja tietysti suomeksi.
Konsonantit on kohdallaan
ei vokaalit oo kaupan.
Hyv humppaa Suomesta.
Hyv humppaa Suomesta.
Hyv humppaa Suomesta.
Hyv humppaa Suomesta.
Tulee hyv humppaa Suomesta.
Tosi hyv humppaa Suomesta.
Tosi hyv humppaa Suomesta.
Mahottoman hyv humppaa Suomesta.
Pirun hyv humppaa Suomesta.
Tulee hyv humppaa Suomesta.
Hyv humppaa Suomesta
ja tietysti suomeksi.
Suomen kieli on kaunista
kun sen oikein oivaltaa."
"611" "Kiilt kiilt Raimon kalju kiilt
sen Raimo peitt ndst
tehdyll karvahatulla
kun se humppaa, sen p savuaa
voiko alemmaksi en vajotakaan
se ei riisu sit saunassakaan
hiki valuu sit aina silmn
ja otsanahkassa on sieni
Ja Raimo humppaa
ja Raimo tanssaa
karvahatun lpt lepattaa
ja Raimo kamplaa
ja Raimo tamppaa
ntisess karvahatussaan
Karvakorva tanssaa jlleen
jenkkahovin hmriss
on muilla tupeet
huisin upeet
vaan Raimo luottaa luonnonlahjaansa
kest talvet
unet valveet
p viett karvamajassaan
aivot sulaa
j Raimo pulaan
kesken jenkan karvahattuineen
(plaulanta Tapio Santaharju)"
"612" "Enolla ei
seiso edes jrkikn
lehm vei
silt koko pn
raksuta ei
enolla en kellokaan
lauteisiin
ji kiinni vitja munistaan
Enolla ei
trpnnyt tansseissakaan
toiset vei
aina naiset mukanaan
aina ji
yksin rahille istumaan
oli net jneet
tekohampaat naulaan
(plaulanta: Lassi Kinnunen)"
"613" "Martti! Martti!
Tapio!
Lassi!
Hullu!
Illu!
Elkeliset!
(plaulanta: Elkeliset)"
"614" "Tss on nelj oivaa kuomaa
niin kuin kissan sisn tuomaa
ompi meill herrain elkeet
ja suuta halkoo kokkapuheet
Martti on usein melko hupaisa
Tapio ei ole ihan aina
Onni on piikki takalistossa
Lassilla on lisko humppapullossa
Hiivatti kun suututtiin
kun kerran yksikin epili
mihin meit muka tarvitaan
me ensin lytiin ja vastattiin
lis lis lytiin ja kysyttiin
Ketk toivat humpan Suomeen?
Elkeliset!
Ketk mkivt kuin vuohet?
Elkeliset!
Ketk turmelivat nuoret?
Elkeliset!
Ketk veivt teilt tuohet?
Elkeliset!
Julistamme teille humpan sanomaa
meill on teille viesti kaukaa
ole vanha, ruma tai raihnas
anna meille kaikki rahasi
Hiivatti kun suututtiin
kun kerran yksikin epili
mihin meit muka tarvitaan
me ensin lytiin ja vastattiin
lis lyly ja kysyttiin
Ketk toivat humpan Suomeen?
Elkeliset!
Ketk mkivt kuin vuohet?
Elkeliset!
Ketk turmelivat nuoret?
Elkeliset!
Ketk veivt teilt tuohet?
MYT!
(plaulanta Elkeliset)"
"615" "Mik saa kuoman naaman punottamaan
ja jurotuksen kaikkoamaan
mik tekee myyrn peltohiirest
ja savu nousee riihest
se tanssikansan parketille pakottaa
se tunnelman kattoon asti kohottaa
se kuoman sytytt ja sammuttaa, se
humppaleka
humppaleka
humppa-, humppaleka
Mik saa rouvan rujon kaunistumaan
jo kaktuksesta ruusu putkahtaa
mik saa pusikotkin heilumaan
vaikkei tuule laisinkaan
risut ja mnnynkvyt pakenevat
kun juhlavki vaahto suussa punnertaa
on se vaan totisesti mahtava, se
humppaleka
humppaleka
humppa-, humppaleka
Humppaleka kun heilahtaa
niin kohta jalat alta notkahtaa
ja tekarit pyrii lasissa
Jihaa!
Humppaleka pivss
pit rytmin villin veress
ei nrtit pysy perss
se joka lekaan tarttuu
ei kellu ikin
Mik saa kuoman karskin tanssaamaan
ja rouvan eteen pokkuroimaan
mik saa teeren peliin suostumaan
vaikka kuoma tuoksahtaa
vanhainkoti, uskonto ja hautuumaa
sit ne meille aina tarjoaa
vaan meill on vastalke, mahtavaa!
humppaleka
humppaleka
humppa-, humppaleka
(plaulanta Martti Varis)"
"616" "Hullu
min olen hullu
min olen hullu
min olen hullu
Nuorempana sin matoja
kilokaupalla
konttasin kouluun
viel lukiossa
Kesken valssin veivt
tuli vedet leivt
repesi rusettikin
taas systeemi kusetti
(plaulanta Onni Varis)"
"617" "Paras menn kotio
eihn tll kettn oo
tiskijukkakin tais juuri kupsahtaa
nyt humppaan itsekseni
On parketilla tilaa
kun ei muita mukaan hinaa
nen peilist
ja revin ilmett
ja humppaan itsekseni
Hoh-hoh-ho-humppaan itsekseni
hoh-hoh-ho-humppaan itsekseni
vhn hvett, vaan en vlit
kun humppaan itsekseni
Ei rouvat mulle tarjoa
kuin phn sateenvarjoa
ne rient lipettiin
kun tartun pipettii...ni
ja humppaan itsekseni
Hoh-hoh-ho-ho
Tulee jtknhumppaa
itseni katonrajaan tunkkaan
heitn volttia
olen kobolttia
ja humppaan itsekseni
KOORUS AD NAUSEUM
(plaulanta Lassi Kinnunen)"
"618" "Traktorilla pihaan
nyt Raimo karauttaa
pirttihirmu yksin ji
tupaan riehumaan
tasa-arvo hiiteen
Raimo uhoaa
alta sorron ikeen
hn rynt tanssaamaan
Humppa tll raikaa
ja jenkka kajahtaa
humpalle ja jenkalle
kuuluupi maa
humppa tll raikaa
ja jenkka kajahtaa
ja hanuri se soittaa
raateriiteraa
Himokkaasti heiluvat
tuossa rouvan evt
Raimo kuusen takana
rohkeutta ker
kappalekin vaihtuu
otollisempaan
murhe pst haihtuu
on eukko muisto vaan
Silm meni mustaks
vaan mieli mustemmaks
nyrkki ja kenk
molempia kaks
leskirouva murea
ei leski ollutkaan
kesken jenkan Raimo
sai maistaa rustoa
Humppa tll raikaa
raateriiteraa
jenkka tll raikaa
raateriiteraa
humppa tll raikaa
raateriiteraa
hanuri se soittaa
raa-te-rii-te-raa!
(plaulanta Tapio Santalahti)"
"619" "Humpan kutsu kun kajahtaa
hop-hop kylkiin kannuksia
silmn isompaa vaihdetta
eips paineta jarrua
Humppaa taikka kuole
taikka humppaa
taikka humppaa ja kuole
Humppaa taikka kuole
taikka humppaa
taikka humppa ja kuole
Humpan kutsu kun kajahtaa
lonkat narskuvat hautuumaalla
ristit nurinpin kellahtavat
nahkurin orsilla tavataan
(plaulanta Martti & Onni Varis)"
"620" "Mummolle vein kukkasen
vaan silt sain ma rukkaset
arvaas vaan kuinka monet on jo kaapissa
verkkopaitani repisen
verkkareitakaan nosta en
kysyn kuulkaas nyt rouva, mists se
haisaapas puristaa?
Rahilta karkuun se ehtinyt ei
sen humpalle vein
halitulijallaa ja huhhahhei
sen humpalle vein
sen ilme toi mieleen pakastesein
sen humpalle vein
paistinpannulle mahtuisi ei
sen humpalle vein
sen humpalle vein, sen humpalle vein
Haistoin rikin
silti vnsin ja hypytin
sain rakkoja sormiin vaan otteeni piti
lhde rouva matkaani
on mulla mainio mopedi
on siin peili, kyprss ropeli
ja vapaana tarakki
Veinveinveinvein
Tarakilta karkuun se lhtenyt ei
sen humpalle vein
halitulijallaa ja huhhahhei
sen humpalle vein
paistinpannulla kypsyi sei
sen humpalle vein
halitulijallaa ja huhhahhei
sen humpalle vein
sen humpalle vein, sen humpalle vein
sen humpalle vein, sen vein
(plaulanta Onni Varis)"
"621" "Ramofooni on rampana
sen neulaa kytn kampana
ratio on kuurona
televiisio sokea
russakat si kirjat
postilaatikko homeessa
puhelin on mykkn
vintill on ply
hilse hatun vei pst
naula rukkaset kest
olen suutarin lapsia
vaan rytmitaju ompi tallella
Sisulla vaan
vaikka rymien tanssataan
sisulla vaan
tst humpaksi laitetaan
sisulla vaan
vaikka rymien tanssataan
sisulla vaan
Kortti housut vei jalasta
silsa niist sukat nappas
vaikku kivettyi korvassa
nyrkki hampaat vei suusta
hpi silmt vei pst
karva tukki reit nenss
vitja katkesi kellosta
vaan rytmitaju on tallella
(plaulanta Lassi Kinnunen)"
"622" "Tss on nelj oivaa kuomaa
niin kuin kissan sisn tuomaa
ompi meill herrain elkeet
ja suuta halkoo kokkapuheet
Martti on usein melko hupaisa
Tapio ei ole ihan aina
Onni on piikki takalistossa
Lassilla on lisko humppapullossa
Hiivatti kun suututtiin
kun kerran yksikin epili
mihin meit muka tarvitaan
me ensin lytiin ja vastattiin
lis lis lytiin ja kysyttiin
Ketk toivat humpan Suomeen?
Elkeliset!
Ketk mkivt kuin vuohet?
Elkeliset!
Ketk turmelivat nuoret?
Elkeliset!
Ketk veivt teilt tuohet?
Elkeliset!
Julistamme teille humpan sanomaa
meill on teille viesti kaukaa
ole vanha, ruma tai raihnas
anna meille kaikki rahasi
Hiivatti kun suututtiin
kun kerran yksikin epili
mihin meit muka tarvitaan
me ensin lytiin ja vastattiin
lis lyly ja kysyttiin
Ketk toivat humpan Suomeen?
Elkeliset!
Ketk mkivt kuin vuohet?
Elkeliset!
Ketk turmelivat nuoret?
Elkeliset!
Ketk veivt teilt tuohet?
MYT!
(plaulanta Elkeliset)"
"623" "Perskele!
Humppatappelu
ma ja joku muu
rysk risukko
ja puu kaatuu
puku ruttaantuu
silm mustuu
rusto rutajaa
ja lahje tutajaa
Alma katsoo vaan kun miest
kaatuu kaatuu kaatuu
sitten sinivuokot vihdoin
saapuu saapuu saapuu
Alma on kuin riivinrauta
ja tanssaa kuin pyykkilauta
vaan kyln ainoalla heitukalla
ompi varaa valita seuransa
Ensin jenkattiin
sitten humpattiin
sitten lemmentoimia jo ehdottelin
kahvit keitettiin
sitten juotiin
kupit tiskattiin
ja pantiin kaappiin
Alma katsoo vaan kun miest
kaatuu kaatuu kaatuu
sitten sinivuokot vihdoin
saapuu saapuu saapuu
Riivinrauta
riivinrauta
ja kahvi oli kylm jumankauta
au au, a-au au
ja kahvi oli kylm jumankauta
(plaulanta Lassi Kinnunen)"
"624" "ja revin hanurini, sen palkeet vuotaa
uuaa, se huokaa
on humppamiehen leip kuivaa
sen pll ei oo rasvaa vaan hometta
sen jaan kanssa rotan vaan
pidhn kiinni hatustasi
sill kohta palkeet puhkuvat
hanuri ja palli eli jakkara, kohta
raikaa humppa
Oo nukun hanurini alla
oo-o eln humpalla
jalka polkee tahtia
oo-o eln humpalla
On olo kovin tukala
onkos mulla nlk vai prostaatta
uuaa, ku se kolottaa
Ma pivt leikkaan kuponkeja
niill paikkaan hanuria tai kyn bingossa
kahveella
pidhn kiinni hatustasi
sill kohta palkeet puhkuvat
hanuri ja palli eli jakkara, kohta
raikaa humppa
(plaulanta Martti Varis)"
"625" "Riivattu luikuri!
Jo on
irstas
porsas
mummojen mieleen mies
ja humpalle vie
jo on
irstas
porsas
mummojen mieleen mies
vaan rahnat vie
Tyventalolle viepi tie
miehen kieroluonteisen
humppakortin mukaan otti
mielessns frskotti
konsteja piisas joilla vokottaa
komea puku ja oo te kolinaa
supliikkikin sulava
kuin puron solina
Riivatun luikuri!
Riivatun luikuri!
Mummon posket jo punottaa
humppa tunteet kuumentaa
paras olis takoa
kun viel on vasara
no onkos niit rahoja?
Riivatun luikuri!
(plaulanta Onni Varis )"
"626" "Miks tll surisee
mahako se murisee
suoliko se kurisee
ja joku puri aih
itsekseni vikisen
olenpa ma hikinen
nahkapalli napsaa
tauotta vain
Jenkkakrpnen
puri takamukseen
nyt surisen ja tanssaan
surisen ja tanssaan
surisen ja tanssaan
jenkkakrpnen
puri takamukseen
nyt surisen ja tanssaan
surisen ja tanssaan
surisen ja tanssaan
Tuokaa jotain myrkky
tai kunnon krpsltk
on kpelsti kyd
tmn ijn
parketissa on ura
kengssni antura
on jo melkein irti
nauhakin jo aukesi
(plaulanta Tapio Santaharju)"
"627" "Martti! Martti!
Tapio!
Lassi!
Hullu!
Illu!
Elkeliset!
(plaulanta: Elkeliset)"
"628" "Komeroon siell tanssaan
jotta henkselit heiluu
komeroon
komeroon siell humppaan
jotta hyllyt rytisee
komeroon
hoitajat jos huomaisivat
ne piikin heti iskisi mun ryppyiseen pakaraan
ai ai ai
Komeroon siell tanssaan
jotta hilse plisee
komeroon
komeroon siell humppaan
jotta pukamat paukkaa
komeroon
pimess salaa kuin varas
vessassakin kerran vaan polvet kolhin vesihanaan
ai ai ai
Romppoppom, Hurja!
Komeroon siell tanssaan
jotta tohvelit savuaa
komeroon
Komeroon siell humppaan
jotta melkein hikoan
komeroon
jostain kun vain sais rouvan mukaan
luuta kaapista nilkat tahtoo raapia
ai ai ai
ai ai ai
(plaulanta: Martti Varis)"
"629" "Kun min lydn mummon
sen oitis pusken kumoon
keskustelu hiiteen
minen laske viiteen
mit siin lorvit
pist kyntiin sorvisi
sitten tulee tenkkapoo
mummo nauraa hohhohhoo
kun seiso ei, seiso ei
Itseni soimaan
ja maan vetovoimaa
poronsarviuutteen
sieraimeeni kiskon uuden
mits siin lorvit
pist kyntiin sorvisi
sitten tulee tenkkapoo
mummo nauraa hohohohhoo
seiso ei
seiso ei
seiso ei
seiso ei
Mikset sano kukkuu
niinkuin ken kuuluu
kukas sulta niskat taittoi
kissakos se kielen vei?
Min en muista mitt!
Kaiken pistn peliin
knnyn jopa selin
ksillni seison
puren kulmaa peiton
mits siin lorvit
pist kyntiin sorvisi
sitten tulee tenkkapoo
mummo sanoo hohhohhoo
kun seiso ei
seiso ei
seiso ei
seiso ei
Ei! Ei! Ei! Ei!
EI!
EI!
(plaulanta Onni Varis)"
"630" "Heteka narahtaa
ja jouset parahtaa
mit ihmett
siell oikein touhutaan
Raimo se siell ompi nokosilla
ai jaha
ylen hiljaista
on vanhainkodissa
kaikki muut asukkaat
ptkttvt kopeissaan
vaan Raimo viihdy ei hyhensaarilla
ei ei ei
Unissansa humppaa pyjamassaan
unissansa humppaa tohveleissaan
muista ettet hert unissaan
tanssaavaa, hohhoijaa
Ulos tanssaa
ovenraosta
rypee ojassa
rypee toisessa
Raimo nukkumattia nopeampi on
ompi ompi on
Raimo on jo vanha ja raihnas
Raimo on jo vanha ja raihnas
kovin raihnas
(plaulanta Lassi Kinnunen)"
"631" "Enolla ei
seiso edes jrkikn
lehm vei
silt koko pn
raksuta ei
enolla en kellokaan
lauteisiin
ji kiinni vitja munistaan
Enolla ei
trpnnyt tansseissakaan
toiset vei
aina naiset mukanaan
aina ji
yksin rahille istumaan
oli net jneet
tekohampaat naulaan
(plaulanta: Lassi Kinnunen)"
"632" "Pirtti se on prein ja mopokin on rikki
posket on kuin lompakot ja nen on kuin tatti
el peeveli
lk tulko liskot, kivill ma viskon
el peeveli
No voi peeveli
on hyv humppakeli
no voi peeveli
sippaa pelit
Peeveli!
Rokotiilihoppa ja haisunthattu
tynamiittiptky on tulipesn pantu
tuhatta ja sataa raapassa on rantu
panin kerran moottorin kiikkustuoliin
se lensi seinn lpi ja pni halkesi
el peeveli
Hanurissa Hurja!
(plaulanta Onni Varis)"
"633" "ja revin hanurini, sen palkeet vuotaa
uuaa, se huokaa
on humppamiehen leip kuivaa
sen pll ei oo rasvaa vaan hometta
sen jaan kanssa rotan vaan
pidhn kiinni hatustasi
sill kohta palkeet puhkuvat
hanuri ja palli eli jakkara, kohta
raikaa humppa
Oo nukun hanurini alla
oo-o eln humpalla
jalka polkee tahtia
oo-o eln humpalla
On olo kovin tukala
onkos mulla nlk vai prostaatta
uuaa, ku se kolottaa
Ma pivt leikkaan kuponkeja
niill paikkaan hanuria tai kyn bingossa
kahveella
pidhn kiinni hatustasi
sill kohta palkeet puhkuvat
hanuri ja palli eli jakkara, kohta
raikaa humppa
(plaulanta Martti Varis)"
"634" "Keittiss aamusella
taas on rikki shkhella
en voi puuroakaan keitt
hiki kaljuani peitt
keitn silti aamukahvin
kuulen radiosta tahdin
tutun humpan sykkeen tasaisen
kuin suoni otsallain
Ja ma luen aamun lehden
ristin merkkejni tehden
kuolinilmoitukset selaan
liimaan tutut leikekirjaan
taas on aika monta mennyt
onpas hyv ett en nyt
itse henkseleit seinn
ole viel heittnyt
Aamukahvikin on laihaa
pulla kuivaa maito piim
humppapullossa vain tippa
ja housunpolvet kiilt
sydmentahdistajan paristokin
vet viimeisin
silti jostain kaukaa kuulen
humpan rytmin kaukaisen
Ja m laitan puvun plle
lhden pivtansseihin
tyttyttyydyttyttydyydyt...
(plaulanta Tapio Santaharju)"
"635" "Humppaaviinaanitroja
humppaaviinaanitroja
humppaaviinaanitroja
humppaaviinaanitroja
Ei en askel kanna
ei vanhat heilat anna
Anttilan katalookin
unohti posteljooni
hirvensarvisuolaa
suusta valuu kuola
pukukopin nurkalla
seison muka purkalla
Rettelhommat veivt
pydstni leivt
makuukammarissa
nukkuu en kissa
ei saunominen auta
kutsuu mua hauta
Viereen naisen kun kuukahtais
niin kauniit muistot siit sais
Hyvnen aika kun ahistaa
turaselli pumppua tahistaa
naapurissa hiljaista
taisi eukkonsa niljaista
puhelinlaskut katossa
outoja likki matossa
Anneli maitolavalla
Tauno ja Ansa ladossaaaaaa
Hei!
(plaulanta Tapio Santaharju)"
"636" "Varmarit ei ky
teepaitaa ei pll ny
lippalakki oikeinpin
tennisjalkineille sanon vy vy
no mit ihmett ne sitten kytt?
Elkelisill on puku pll!
Hiki pst
silkkiliinalla pyyhitn
tutut aina
sivistyneesti ktelln
ja rouvat kuumat haukkoo henken
Elkelisill on puku pll!
Ryhti jyh
ettei tylsytet prssej
henkselit kiret
jottei takamukset lkt
ja lasisilmt iskee kipin
Elkelisill on puku pll!
no mit ihmett ne sitten kytt?
Elkelisill on puku pll!
ja rouvat kuumat haukkoo henken
Elkelisill on puku pll!
(plaulanta: Martti Varis)"
"637" "Niin kauan kun ma muistan
on ollut humppaa
sen villit rytmit raikui
jo nuijasodassa
sit oli paljon
ja se oli mahtavaa
m vain tuumaan
yksin tuumaan
kuka humpan seisauttaa?
Nyt pitktukat veivaa
jotain kevytmetallia
ja diskoissa ne soittaa
pelkk puheohjelmaa
ja tukattomat tivaa
meilt sotamuistoja
m vain tuumaan
yksin tuumaan
kuka humpan seisauttaa?
Alakerran vihtahousu
raapii partaansa
ylkerran maitoparta
meinaa tehd housuunsa
kun HUMPPA TULEE LUJAA
JA PHN KUMAUTTAA
m vain tuumaan
yksin tuumaan
kuka humpan seisauttaa?
Humppa tulee lujaa
ja phn kumauttaa
m vain tuumaan
yksin tuumaan
kuka humpan seisauttaa?
(plaulanta Onni Varis)"
"638" "Cradh croi ar a phsadh is ar buachaill g an tsaoil;
Nr bhfearr dbhta cailn beag dighiil n 'bean agus puntai li?
Oiche mhr shneachta n shiobtha nr dheas a bheith comhr li
Seachas a' cailn dubh dubh bui sa chuid puntai agus i bheith ag gearn go gar.
Nach mise a bhi aoibhinn ssta, ag ragaireacht l gan lan,
N gur chuireas mo mhr ins an fhainne, agus corin ar chlr d 'n chlir:
Fuair m an bhean a bh i ndn domh, ach m t, chan gr mo chro,
Ach cailin dubh bu a bhios ag srannfa, is ag tarraingt tsuisin li.
An oiche udai rinneadh mo chleamhans, dar a leabhra char mhian liom ,
Gealladh naoi mb fichead domh le cailin dubh bui gan scimh,
Gealladh naoi mb fichead domh le cailin dubh bui gan chill,
Ach mo mhairg gur phs m ariamh i is ainnir na gcraobh mo dhiaidh.
D Mairt a rinneadh mo chleamhnas, mo chreach is m'amhgar gar,
Ghlac mise cmhairle mo mhuinntir - is pirt mhr do mo aibhleas ;
Psadh mise go cinnte ar sahmahailt na mn gan scimh,
Is trua nr sineadh 'mo chnair m sul a thug m mo gheall arrimh.
Nuair a thim i dt faire no trraimh 's fhiafrionnn na hoganai diom,
\"Caid mar a mhothonn t 'n psadh no 'n mothionn t d'oige d claci\"?
Sim is aithrisim loebha go mothaim go mr faraoir,
Is an t udai nach bhfuil psta gur aige t spirt an staoil.
Is mise nach ndan fadh dichille da bhfuigheadh mo chile bs;
An iche a dfagfainn 's a' chr i chodlinn fhin mo shith;
Cheanninn culaith maith eadai, hata 'gus line bhn,
Chuirfinn mo dhil sa phleisir agus thgfaidh dhom buaireamh 'n tsaoil."
"639" "Journey's End
Blue waves are rolling
Visions in my mind
Of a strange voice calling
Journey's at an end, journey's at an end
Journey's at an end, journey's at an end
Hear the anchor sinking
Voices ringing clear
Farewell from my kindred
And friends I love so dear, and friends I love so dear
Journey's at an end, journey's at an end
Lost streams are fading
They sweep across the vale
And with oceans of meadows
To bring me back again, to bring me back again
Journey's at an end, journey's at an end
Long have I traveled
In storm, in the sun, in the rain
And it's homeward singing
Journey's at an end, journey's at an end"
"640" "A Neansa, 'mhle gr, a bhruinneall 't gan sml
Go bhfeice mise'n t-dh 'gus an san ort
Ba ghile do dh limh n cr geal na tr
N'n eala 's a' snmh ar an irne
Is glaise liom do shil n braon beag den drcht
Is binne liomsa t n na tada
'S mur' n-ala tusa liomsa titfidh m i lionndubh
'Gus cuirfear insa chill 'do dhidh m
Is ioma sin guth mn a chluinimse 'ngach aird
Abhus agus taobh thall den irne
Go Corcaigh na gCuan 's go Bal Ath' na Sluaigh
'S Neansa 'thug bua ar a' mid sin
A Mhuire 'gus a Dhia, nrbh aoibhinn deas 'r saol
D mbeinnse agus le chile?
Trthnna aoibhinn ciin, mise 'gus mo rn
Ag cogarnal ar uaigneas slibhe
Beir litir uaimse suas chuig Neansa chaoin na gcuach
Is aithris di gur buartha at m
Aithris di ars nach gcodlam fin aon oche
Le harraing at tr mo thaobh deas
Aithris d sil, aithris d cl
Aithris d min mhaith chill
Aithris d ceann 's d biln at binn
Gur ghiorraigh s go cinnte mo laetha'
Translation
Rise up, ye stalwart men
And put the pitch alight on your torch sticks
Vanquish those who would do us evil
And establish the rule of France
And oh woman of the house, what ails you?
Oh woman of the house, in two years or three
From this year out the land will be rent free
And oh woman of the house, what ails you?
Here's a jug on the table and the beer's coming
And the Duke of York has sufficient arms
The French and the Spaniards at the shore's edge
And how bitter that is than woman's chatter
Alas and alack when I was young
Two years old and no evil thought in my mind
That I didn't join the King's navy or army
Instead of spending my life looking after you"
"641" "There's a rumor spreading all around
We're on the way
To a change of setting, homeward bound
Autumn day
Chorus:
'Cause indoor we will light the fire
Light the fires of hope
Lost between the mountain and the sun
Caught the high emotion by the setting sun
So let's leave early, don't be late
Don't delay
Though we expect you here at eight
Come what may
(Chorus)
Lost between the mountain and the sun
Caught the high emotion by the setting sun
With song and dance we greet the dawn
Another day
The parting mass will soon be gone
We're on our way
(Chorus)
Lost between the mountain and the sun
Caught the high emotion by the setting sun"
"642" "The mist has cleared from Muckish Hill
Our parting coming nearer
The last embrace, the final touch
With nothing more to say
Nothing more to say
As silence fell around the bridge
Not a single word was spoken
A bitter breeze, a lonely stream
Echoed through the Glen
Echoed through the Glen
Droichead na ndeor
Agus droichead na gcaointe
Droichead na gcaointe
Agus droichead na ndeor
Memories fade with passing age
In forlorn hope we wait for
Distant hills still haunt us now
Until the end of time
Until the end of time
Droichead na ndeor
Agus droichead na gcaointe
Droichead na gcaointe
Agus droichead na ndeor
Droichead na ndeor
Agus droichead na gcaointe
Droichead na gcaointe
Agus droichead na ndeor"
"643" "Mhrag Bheag a' chl dualaich
gu d dh'fhg an gruaim air t'aire.
'g iomain a chruaidh-laoidh gu buaile
's nach fhaic mi mo luaidh a dh 'fhearaibh.
'g iomain a chruidh-laoidh gu iridh
's nach fhaic mi mo ghradh a dh'fhearaibh.
Suithadaibh luadhaibh an cl
gu deise phsaidh dha mo leannan.
chan eil mo leannan-sa ga h-iarraidh
th t liath aige 's t thartin.
Tha t r am bth an tilleir
's thig i an diugh na 'maireach dhachaidh"
"644" "Cold, blue eyes, they look through me
Stare those eyes at me
You must be one of those girls
Who live on the blackstairs
Yes, you must be one of those girls
Who live on the blackstairs
There's no disguise upon your face
You're not like anyone I know
They give so freely and they come when I come out
But you're the one, the one I want to understand
You must be one of those girls
Who live on the blackstairs
Yes, you must be one of those girls
Who live on the blackstairs
You're not scared, no, you don't answer
You just stand there, face the stairs going home
If I could choose my own way down
I'd take the road to the blackstairs
You must be one of those girls
Who live on the blackstairs
Sadness raging in the broken man
Stays until the day ends
When he is free to think of better days again
Looks like the scales of love and time are all the same
You must be one of those girls
Who live on the blackstairs
And I long to go up there
And live on the blackstairs
Yes, you must be one of those girls
Who live on the blackstairs"
"645" "Instrumental"
"646" "Instrumental"
"647" "He comes out of silence and opens the door
Waiting for someone to die
Deep in her heart she is hoping for
The long-lost one
How could she know when the promise was made?
So how can it end in this way?
Then four gray walls come tumbling down
And just because her skin was brown
No wonder she has grown so fast
Those four gray walls were meant to last
The friends there that she can count upon
Take orders, but always the spirit holds
Scenes of the never-ending trend
She waits for the hours and hours to pass
She looks to the hourglass
Then four gray walls come tumbling down
And just because her skin was brown
No wonder she has grown so fast
Those four gray walls were meant to last
Those four gray walls were meant to last
As the shadows come down
She sees him leaving
She can recall
Seems that this fire has lost its form
The form of the hourglass
The four gray walls came tumbling down
And just because her skin was brown
No wonder she has grown so fast
Those four gray walls were meant to last
Those four gray walls were meant to last
Those four gray walls
Four gray walls"
"648" "Instrumental"
"649" "Or Mhire Bhruinneal blth na Finne
'Ndaidh m do lean aint anair anall
O ba bhinne liom do bhal n no cuacha Seinm
'S t dfhg mise i ndeallara 'bhis
A Mhid mo thuirse nor lear domh
A choinneal deir siad gur mise a Mheallas na mn
Chorus:
Mharaigh t go deo m, lagaigh t go mr m
'Gus gach a bhfuil beo domh bhris t mo chro
Bh a tr-point ir le sos go triogh
Agus a gcarrn ar gach taobh
(Chorus)
B m l go ceolmar in sa rd
Tarlaigh domhsa 'n ig bhean chiin
(Chorus, 1st verse)"
"650" "Still in time and time to say,
I don't believe my eyes.
Is this the place I love to hate?
Can I explain the altered state
Of the waiting room?
Waiting room.
And the wild cry out,
Their cries are found in me
And the wild cry out,
Their cries are found in me
Stayed up stripped at your command
A silhouette against sky.
I see the changing of the faces i've seen,
Betrayed as one gets free
Of the waiting moon.
Waiting moon.
And the wild cry out,
Their cries are found in me
And the wild cry out,
Their cries are found in me
And the wild cry out,
Their cries are found in me
And the wild cry out,
Their cries are found in me
Set my sights on the day,
When I'll have you here by my side.
And for me to share a thousand dreams with you,
So far removed the days
In the waiting moon.
Waiting moon.
And the wild cry out,
Their cries are found in me
And the wild cry out,
Their cries are found in me"
"651" "Chuaigh m isteach i dteach arir
is d'iarr m cairde ar mhnaoi an leanna.
Is dirt s liom \"N bhfaighidh t deor.
Buail an bthar is gabh abhaile.\"
Curf:
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
Chuir m fin mo lmh i mo phca
is d'iarr m briseadh scillinge uirthi.
Is dirt s liom \"Suigh sos ag bord
is b ag l anseo go maidin.\"
Curf
\"irigh i do shu, a fhear an t,
cuir ort do bhrst is do hata
go gcoinne t ceol leis an duine cir
a bheas ag l anseo go maidin.\"
Curf
Nach mise fin an fear gan chill
a d'fhg mo chos in mo scornaigh?
D'fhg m lan orm fin
is d'fhg m san ar dhaoine eile.
Translation
I went into a tavern, and the barkeep,
doesn't much care for the look of me.
I look like I've got no money on me.
She tells me to hit the road.
I put my hand into my pocket,
I asked if she could break a shilling.
She said to me \"Sit down at the table,
you'll be drinking here 'till morning.\"
She roused the man of the house,
tells him to get up, put his trousers and hat on,
and go out and find a musician to entertain me,
so I'll stay here drinking until morning.
Was I the man without sense
to leave my money when I'd been scorned?
I left woefully,
I left a sign to other people."
"652" "(chorus after each verse:)
Dlamn na Binne Bu, Dlamn Gaelach
Dlamn na Binne Bu, Dlamn Gaelach
(verses:)
A'non mhn , sin anall na fir shir,
A mhthair mhn ! cuir mo roithlen go dt m.
T cosa dubha dbailte ar an dlamn gaelach
T dh chluais mhaol ar an dlamn gaelach
Rachaimid 'un an Iir leis an dlamn gaelach,
Is ceannimid brga daora ar an dlamn gaelach
Brga breaca dubha ar an dlamn gaelach
T bearad agus tris ar an dlamn gaelach
chuir m scala chuici, go gceanninn cor di,
Is an scala a chuir s chugam, go raibh a ceann cortha.
\"Caid thug t 'na tre?\" arsa an dlamn gaelach
\"Ag suir le do 'non\" arsa an dlamn maorach
\"Chan fhaigheann t mo 'non?\" arsa an dlamn gaelach,
\"Bheul, fuadidh m liom ?\" arsa an dlamn maorach
Dlamn na binne bu, dlamn a' tsleibhe
Dlamn na farraige is dlamn a' deididh"
"653" "irigh is cuir ort do chuid eadaigh
Go mbearrfaidh m fein do chuill
Go dtaimid 'soir easpag na hEirne
Go gceanglatair m'gus t
Bhgr's cion agam fein ort
A chuid 'en tsaol laigh liom
'S nach duine dona gan cheill
A scarfadh chle sinn
Cuirimse croar a' phadh
'S ar bhuachailla an tsaoil
Nbh fhearr da cail deas acu
Nbean agus puntal
Ohe mh fhada sa gheimhreadh
N dheas bheith 'sradh l
'Bhfarras a' chailleach 'srannfa
'S 'tarraingt a' plaincead l
DMrt a rinneadh mo chleamhnas
Mo chreach 's m'amhgar gr
Ghlac mise comhairle mo mhuintir
'S pairt mh do m'aimhleas
Padh mise gan amhras
Ar shamhailt do mhnaoi gan scmh
'S n aon chail dgcasfasa ghleann damh
Nach rachainn 'un cainte l
Nuair a thmse 'un Aifrinn DDomhnaigh
'Sfhiafras gach gfhear daom
'Chormaic, an bhfuil tusa pta?
Nan airnn tan ge 'choh'?
'Sabraim is deirim fn leofa
Go n'aireochainn go m fa-raor
'S an md agaibh atgan padh
Gur agaibh atspt an tsaoil
Ach gheobhaidh mhata 'gus bra
Agus reochaidh m arais
Agus rachaidh mamach go Gleann Domhain
Sin an t a bhfuil m ban
Go bhfaghaidh mcail deas ann
A shias a' r' go glan
'S nbh fhearr liomsa leis na mnma
Ncailleach Ghleann Domhain 's a ba"
"654" "Back in my schooldays, acting the fool days
One and one and one is three
And the man said, \"Hey, come and cut yourself a piece of the big time\"
Armor-clad forces, riding Trojan horses
Never made sense to me
I didn't want to be a part of the great debate on moonshine
Chorus:
\"Stop, pay the price,\" they said to me
\"Take this advice, you're out of your head\"
I said, \"Stop, hold the phone
This has to be cut to the bone
Too bad, I see red, I see red, I see red\"
Sly man stumbles, twists and he tumbles
He always lands on his feet
And he sets his face towards the far horizon
Won't you come this way? Can't you go that way?
But his rhythm don't miss a beat
'Cause he's doing everything he can to keep surviving
\"Stop, pay the price,\" they said to me
\"Take this advice, you're out of your head\"
(Chorus)
So who wants a riot? People should be quiet
Don't we give them good TV?
You can learn to love your lifetime of distraction
Nothing on the inside, nothing on the outside
All the way from A to Z
I can live without that kind of satisfaction
(Chorus four times)"
"655" "Instrumental"
"656" "irig suas a thogha na bhfear,
Is cuirig pce 'r bharr gach cleith.
Is leagaig sos iad lucht an droch-chro
Agus cuirig dl na Frainc' ar bun.
Agus bhean a' t, cn bhuairt sin ort?
Is bhean a' t f dh n tr
Beidh talamh gan chos n bhliain seo amach againn,
Is bhean a' t, nach suairc sin?
T jug ar an mbord is t beoir ag teacht,
T arm go leor ag an Duke of York.
T 'n Francach 's an Spinneach ar bhruach na tr,
Agus b'fhearr liom go mr n comhr ban,
Agus bhean a' t, cn bhuairt sin ort?
Is bhean a' t f dh n tr
Beidh talamh gan chos n bhliain seo amach againn,
Is bhean a' t, nach suairc sin?
shuigh mise sos 's mo mhian le m'ais,
Ag l mo chirt d mar dhanfadh fear;
S dirt bean a' t den chomhr mhn,
Gan airgead sos b 'gabhil amach,
Agus bhean a' t, cn bhuairt sin ort?
Is bhean a' t f dh n tr
Beidh talamh gan chos n bhliain seo amach againn,
Is bhean a' t, nach suairc sin?"
"657" "Siobhn N Dhuibhir
D'irigh m ar maidin a tharraint chun aonaigh mhir
a dhol is a cheannacht mar a dhanadh mo dhaoine romham.
Bhuail tart ar an bhealach m is shuigh mise sos a dh'l
is le Siobhn N Dhuibhir gur l mise luach na mbrg.
A Siobhn N Dhuibhir an miste leat m bheith tinn?
Mo bhrn is mo mhilleadh ms miste liom t bheith i gcill.
Brinte 's muilte bheith 'scileadh ar chl do chinn
ach cead a bheith in Ioras go dtara sol acha chun cinn.
A Siobhn N Dhuibhir is t bun agus barr mo scil.
Ar mhn na cruinne go dtug sise an bire li
le gile le finne le maise is le dh dtrian scimh
is nach mise an trua Mhuire bheith ag scaradh amrach li.
Thiar in Iorras t searc agus gr mo chlibh,
planta an leinbh a d'eitigh mo phsadh inn.
Beir scala uaim chuici m thus mise pg d bal
go dtabharfainn d tuille d gcuirfeadh s blacht li."
"658" "(The) Green Fields Of Gaothdobhair - album \"Fuaim\"Down past Dunlewey's bonny
lakes
One morning I did stray,
Until I reached sweet Clady banks
where the silvery salmon play,
I strolled around through old Bunbeg
and down along the shore,
And gazed with admiration
on the green fields of Gaothdobhair.
I visit Magherclocher,
On Middletown heights I stand,
Beneath me lies the ocean wide,
and Machergallon strand,
Those sandy banks so dear to me,
Those banks I do adore,
Behind me lies sweet Derrybeg
and the green fields of Gaothdobhair.The bonny Isle of Goal
and Inishmean so near,
I see the little fishing fleet
as it lies along the pier,
I wander through the graveyard
where those have gone before,
That once lived happy and content
on the green fields of Gaothdobhair.
I see sweet Inish Oirthir,
and far off Tory Isle,
I view the ocean liners
as they stream along in style,
on board are Irish emigrants
with hearts both sad and sore,
As they gazed on old Tir Chonaill hills
and the green fields of Gaothdobhair.An old song in praise of the parish from
which we come. Cathal baoill (Charlie Joe Thimlin) sang the words of this
song to us which we set to a County Derry air"
"659" "Eirigh 's cuir ort do chuid adaigh Go mbearraidh m fin do chl
Go dt muid 'soir easpag na hirne Go gceangaltar m 'gus t
Bh gr 's cion agam fin ort A chuid 'en tsaol alaigh liom
'S nach duine dona gan chill A scarfadh chile sinn
Cuirimse cro ar a' phsadh 'S ar bhuachaill ga an tsaoil
Nrbh fhearr dfa cailn deas g acu N bean agus punta li
Oche mhr fhada sa gheimhreadh Nr dheas bheith 'sgradh li
'Bhfarras a' chailleach 'srannfa 'S 'tarraingt a' plaincead li
D Mirt a rinneadh mo chleamhnas Mo chreach 's m'amhgar gar
Ghlac mise comhairle mo mhuintir 'S pairt mhr do m'aimhleas
Psadh mise gan amhras Ar shamhailt do mhnaoi gan scimh
'S nl aon chailn d gcasfa sa ghleann damh Nach rachainn 'un cainte li
Nuair a thimse 'un Aifrinn D Domhnaigh 'S fhiafraos gach igfhear daom
'Chormaic, an bhfuil tusa psta? N an aironn t an ige 'choch'?
'S abraim is deirim fin leofa Go n'aireochainn go mr fa-raor
'S an mid agaibh at gan psadh Gur agaibh at sprt an tsaoil
Ach gheobhaidh m hata 'gus brga Agus ireochaidh m g arais
Agus rachaidh m amach go Gleann Domhain Sin an it a bhfuil mrn ban
Go bhfaghaidh m cailn deas g ann A shilas a' rd go glan
'S nrbh fhearr liomsa leis na mn mra N cailleach Ghleann Domhain 's a ba
extra verses:
Aisling a chonaic m arir ar leaba agus m i mo lu,
Go dtinig s chugam mar fhirn, ainnir na gciabhfholt bu
Bh a rfholt snoite go far li, is nl tuile da mhid nach gclaodh,
is, a R, r mhiste do chlir , d gcodlinn arir le mnaoi?
Is trua gan mise is an niamh bheag na leice mlte chuan,
In oilen an Chlochair Bhig Chraobhaig mar a thiteas na nalta chun suain,
An it a mbonn an nead ag an anlaith, an fiolar, an ghag is an chuach,
Chuirfinnse gease ar an an bheag solas an lae thabhairt uainn
(title translated; Arise And Dress Yourself)
Another Donegal love song where the composer longs desperately to elope with his loved one to a place where he is surrounded only by nature's undisturbed beauty."
"660" "Instrumental"
"661" "Instrumental"
"662" "Instrumental"
"663" "Sit awhile staring at the ocean
Riding high the boats flying motion
Just a smile, tears and emotion
Storm rise on the northern skyline
Shadows are haunting me drifting down to the sea
Remember when we used sing the old songs
Of friends that part to sail to a new land
Without a smile, so long a journey
Storm rise on the northern skyline
Shadows are haunting me drifting down to the sea
Rest awhile staring at the mountain
Reaching high, the valley's far below us
See for miles, the clear horizon
Storm rise on the northern skyline
Shadows are haunting me drifting down to the sea"
"664" "Pi/osa a chum Po/l.
Co/iraithe aige fe/in agus ag Ciara/n."
"665" "Instrumental"
"666" "Instrumental"
"667" "T sciln na 'gam le h-insint dibhse,
Crsa spirt agus comhr d,
ll bre gleoite do chuireas I mo phca,
'S ni bhfuaras romham ach prtn sl.
Curfa
mo thuirse mar shileann mo shile,
Indiadh an ll ud a bh bra bu,
An ig-bhean uasal bh t'reis thabhairt domh,
'S do thabhairfinn pnt ar bhlaiseadh ars.
Do shilais Clire agus Carraig Aonair,
Cuanta Bara bhi romham sa tsl,
Puinte na nGrige 'gus na nDorsa Maola,
An fhiach 's an lao taobh amuigh de Bhaoi.
Curfa
Do shilais Cualach mar a bhos buartha
An pharoiste thuaidh a 's na hAdhra,
San oilen Muarseadh d'inis dom buachaill
Nach bhfilghinn a thuairisc go dtinn thar snaidhm.
Curfa
Do shiilos Cobh agus Baile na Mna,
Cathair Tn Time 'gus Inis Seircn,
Soir ar a chsta sea d'inis domh strinse,
Go rabh s 'na sheo acu ar Srid Nidin.
Curfa"
"668" "Chorus (after each verse):
A mhuirnn an dtiocfaidh t na bhaile
A mhuirnn an dtiocfaidh t liom
A mhuirnn an dtiocfaidh t na bhaile
A mhuirnn
(Repeat)
Bh s thos i lr a' mhargaidh
Dl s 's cheol s ar rith an lae
Nuair a thinig an oche gan pingin ina bhrste
Is mairg nr ghlac m comhairle na mn
Casadh orm le heiri na grine
An gnach gleoite go follin 's go beo
Nuair a thg s a hata agus labhair s le gire
Thit m i ngra leis, chreid m go deo
Bh cnaip airgid ar mo chta
Is ribn soda a bhfearr sa tr
Slabhra ir is clocha luachmhar
Mheall m le saibhreas go for
N rabhas ag a nduine c'n phirt dn tr
Labhair s go uasal soinneanta s
Bh 'n tiomb thart go raibh tiarna ina theaghlach
N raibh s i bhfad bh m geallta do
T'n ceangal fada 's deacar a scaoileadh
Bhfearr i bhfad a bheith cinnte do
Nor ghlac s i bhfad gur bhris s mo chro sa
A leoga n seo mo sciln
A 'gur shil s sos i lr a mhargaidh
'S cheannaigh s carda ar phunt n dh
Bh an tdh ina rith leis, bhain s an \"lotto\"
Anois bhidh an chuideachta againn go deo
Translation
My darling love, will you come back home?
My darling love, will you come with me?
My darling love, will you come back home?
My darling love
He was down at the market
He drank and sang all day long
When night came and he hadn't a penny in his pocket
Oh what a shame I didn't take the missus' advice
I met him at sunrise
A charming, healthy and lively young lad
When he lifted his hat and spoke with a smile
I fell in love with him, thought it would never end
My coat had buttons of silver
And the best silk ribbons in the country
Golden chains and precious stones
I truly enticed him with my glitter and gold
No one knew from which part of the land he came
He spoke nobly and with pleasant ease
Rumor had it that there was a lord in his family
It wasn't long 'til I was engaged to him
The bond is long and difficult to untie
It's much better to be sure of it*
It didn't take long 'til he broke my heart
Indeed this is not the story I'd prefer to be telling**
But then he went back down to the market
And bought a ticket for a pound or two
Luck was on his side, he won the lottery
Now we'll forever be living the good life
*This might mean that the link to this nobleman was a very distant one, and that 'he' therefore was not rich - in fact quite poor; so she instantly regrets her engagement to him.
**\"A leoga\" means \"alas\". \"N seo mo sciln\" means \"this is not my story\" (or anecdote), and \"\", when placed after the sentence like this, can just mean \"oh\", but it can also be a term of endearment, then pertaining to \"sciln\". So the way I think it makes the most sense is if we take \"mo sciln \" to mean something like \"my sweet story\", ie., the story that she wished she were telling now."
"669" "The kingdom of stone is on the wild and distant rolling hills
Solitary land stands alone and silence fought
And look into the dark and endless skies
And hear the clouds fly the angels sigh
Sweet water cool on a world it feels like paradise
Ten spirits more lay illusion on my mind
And look into the dark and endless skies
And hear the clouds fly the angels sigh
It's strange day in the country
It's a strange day in the country"
"670" "Autumn leaves are falling 'round us
Time to gather all those many thoughts
Of all the things that might have been
Or gained at such a cost
For some of us there's endless hoping
For some of us craziness too
Holding on to better reasons
Works for me and you, you know it's true
And when the stakes are higher
Never play with fire, leave it alone
I wandered through a country churchyard
And wandered what kind of life they led
Walked into a castle ruin
Of gentry that had fled
For some of them had endless hoping
Some of them crazy too
Holding on to better reasons
We'll never truly know, oh
Those trees will tumble down on a stormy day
And those leaves will fade away, fade away
The autumn leaves are falling 'round us
I'm here to gather all my many thoughts
Of all the things that might have been
As the ground has turned to frost
Leaves are falling
Autumn leaves are falling
Leaves are falling
Autumn leaves are falling"
"671" "It was on a fine summer's morning
The birds sweetly tune on each bough
And as I walked out for my pleasure
I saw a maid milking a cow
Her voice was so enchanting, melodious
Left me quite unable to go
My heart, it was loaded with sorrow
For the pretty maid milking her cow
Then to her I made my advances
\"Good morrow most beautiful maid
Your beauty my heart so entrances\"
\"Pray sir do not banter,\" she said
\"I'm not such a rare precious jewel
That I should enamour you so
I am but a poor little milk girl,\"
Says the pretty maid milking her cow
The Indies afford no such jewel
So bright, so transparently clear
I do not add things to my funeral
Consent but to know me my dear
Oh, had I the Lamp of Aladdin
Or the wealth that gold mines can bestow
I'd rather be poor in a cottage
With the pretty girl milking her cow."
"672" "Instrumental"
"673" "Instrumental"
"674" "Bh mise i ngr le cailn
Le blianta anuas
Liza ab ainm di
Ach go tobann thnaig s chugam
Le scal a bhris mo chro
Chorus (after each verse):
Liza
Liza mo str
Liza
Fan liom
Chuartaigh mise thoir
Agus chuartaigh mise thiar
Chuartaigh m ars f dh
Go dtinig an l ar phill mo ghr
Le fanacht liom go deo
Bh Liza ar shul gan digh
Ni thnaig s mo thoir
Bh Liza in bean gan chill
Ach is cuma t muid go sona
I mbothn beag lnn fin"
"675" "Instrumental"
"676" "Thos i lr an ghleanna trthnna beag arir
Agus an drcht ina dheora geala ina lu ar bharr an fhir,
Sea casadh domsa ar ainnir ab ille gnis is pearsa
Is sheol mo stuaim chun seachrin trthnna beag arir
Agus a R nr lch r n-ealan ag dul sos an gleann arir,
Ag al frd an chanach is ciineas insan spir?
A rn mo chlibh nr mhilis r sugradh cro, is nr ghairid?
, is a R na glire gile, tabhair ar ais an oche arir
D bhfaighinnse ars cead pilleadh agus labhairt le str mo chlibh,
N d bhfaighinnse bua ar chinniint cr mhiste liom fn tsaol?
Shilfainn leat frd an chanach is frd mhilte ar chiis na mara,
Agus diche D d gcaillfinn go bpgfainnse do bhal"
"677" "Thart orainn
Relt geal san oche
T'n fharraige ciin
Agus suaimhneas sa ghaoth
An fharraige chiin
Ina codladh sa ghaoth
Thos sa ghleann an ghleann an cheo
Riocht na grine i gCaislen ir
T'n fharraige ciin agus suaimhneas sa ghaoth
An fharraige chiin ina codladh sa ghaoth
Driocht a mheall na daoine roinn
Soilse geala i gCaislen ir
T'n fharraige ciin agus suaimhneas sa ghaoth
An fharraige chiin ina codladh sa ghaoth"
"678" "'Tis the last rose of summer
Left blooming alone.
All her lovely companions
Are faded and gone.
No flowerer of her kindred
No rosebud is nigh
To reflect back her blushes
Or give sigh for sigh.
I'll not leave thee thou lone one
To pine on the stem
Since the lovely are sleeping
Go sleep thou with them;
Thus kindly I scatter
Thy leaves o'er the bed
Where thy mates of the garden
Lie scentless and dead.
So soon may I follow
When friendships decay
And from loves' shining circle
The gems drop away!
When true hearts lie withered
And fond ones are flown
Oh! Who would inhabit
This bleak world alone?"
"679" "Came into a dream in the night
When all the world was sleeping so tight
A treasure in store, perilous moments
Knowing their love was so true
A help from their friends, brave and so daring
Angel, soldier, in the night
Dreams can be so real and so true
They come alive for me and for you
Daring for love, wrestling the moment
Danger surrounds, so blue
Weather the storm, brighter horizons
Angel, soldier, in the night
Deep as the ocean
As high as the sky above
Clouds passing by
When love will find its way
Into your heart
Come into a dream in the night
When all the world was sleeping so tight
A treasure in store, perilous moments
Knowing their love was so true
A help from their friends, brave and so daring
Angel, soldier, in the night"
"680" "Dul sos an gleann trthnna arir
D'imigh an scth an ton a 'tslibh
An drcht 'na lu are bharr an fhir
An soal uilig 'nagcodhladh
D'imigh an sctch as ton a 'tslibh
Gan boal are bith go maidin
Drn an duche seo
 ghlun go glun
Lonad mar fhs sa cheo
Rn go ciin
Scumhacht na gcrann fan it
'Spreag na baird 'san fhilocht
Na clocha 't coisricthe fan rd
Thos f gleann d locha
I dtobar I din
Gartan cholmcille
Sin go l a'luain"
"681" "Back in my schooldays, acting the fool days
One and one and one is three
And the man said, Hey, come and cut yourself a piece of the big time
Armor-clad forces, riding Trojan horses
Never made sense to me
I didn't want to be a part of the great debate on moonshine
Stop, pay the price, they said to me
Take this advice, you're out of your head
I said, Stop, hold the phone
This has to be cut to the bone
Too bad, I see red, I see red, I see red
Sly man stumbles, twists and he tumbles
He always lands on his feet
And he sets his face towards the far horizon
Won't you come this way? Can't you go that way?
But his rhythm don't miss a beat
'Cause he's doing everything he can to keep surviving
Stop, pay the price, they said to me
Take this advice, you're out of your head
Stop, pay the price, they said to me
Take this advice, you're out of your head
I said, Stop, hold the phone
This has to be cut to the bone
Too bad, I see red, I see red, I see red
So who wants a riot? People should be quiet
Don't we give them good TV?
You can learn to love your lifetime of distraction
Nothing on the inside, nothing on the outside
All the way from A to Z
I can live without that kind of satisfaction
Stop, pay the price, they said to me
Take this advice, you're out of your head
I said, Stop, hold the phone
This has to be cut to the bone
Too bad, I see red, I see red, I see red
Stop, pay the price, they said to me
Take this advice, you're out of your head
I said, Stop, hold the phone
This has to be cut to the bone
Too bad, I see red, I see red, I see red
Stop, pay the price, they said to me
Take this advice, you're out of your head
I said, Stop, hold the phone
This has to be cut to the bone
Too bad, I see red, I see red, I see red
Stop, pay the price, they said to me
Take this advice, you're out of your head
I said, Stop, hold the phone
This has to be cut to the bone
Too bad, I see red, I see red, I see red"
"682" "Alasdair Mhic o ho
Cholla Ghasda o ho
As do laimh-s' gun o ho
Earbainn tapaidh trom eile
fonn:
Chall eile i chall a ho ro
Chall eile i chall a ho ro
Chall eile huraibh ru chall a ho ro
S haoi o ho trom eile
As do laimh-s' gun
Earbainn tapaidh
Mharbhadh Tighearna
Ach-nam-Breac leat
Mharbhadh Tighearna
Ach-nam-Breac leat
Thiolaigeadh e
an oir an lochain
'S ged 's beag mi fhein
Bhuail mi ploc air
Chuala mi'n de
Sgeul nach b'ait leam
Chuala mi'n de
Sgeul nach b'ait leam
Glaschu a bhith
Dol 'na lasair
Glaschu a bhith
Dol 'na lasair
'S Obair-Dheathain
An deidh a chreachadh"
"683" "Coming Into certain lines of justice
A venue for a Venus and Eve
Take the balance of their beauty between them
A vain look can deceive
I'm only paying court to love
As deep as you can find
On the blind side of your heart
Safe inside your mind
When the length of days are dawning
It feels right, in the light of understanding
There's always something bound to be a warning
When it's infinite it never meets
I'm only paying court to love
As deep as you could wish to find
On the blind side of your heart
Safe inside your mind"
"684" "Came into a dream in the night
When all the world was sleeping so tight
A treasure in store, perilous moments
Knowing their love was so true
A help from their friends, brave and so daring
Angel, soldier, in the night
Dreams can be so real and so true
They come alive for me and for you
Daring for love, wrestling the moment
Danger surrounds, so blue
Weather the storm, brighter horizons
Angel, soldier, in the night
Deep as the ocean
As high as the sky above
Clouds passing by
When love will find its way
Into your heart
Come into a dream in the night
When all the world was sleeping so tight
A treasure in store, perilous moments
Knowing their love was so true
A help from their friends, brave and so daring
Angel, soldier, in the night"
"685" "When its gone and you want it so badly
A game of love is a two way street
And from above there comes inspiration
Darkest clouds will disappear
Take it down put it in your diary
Come around to the pleasant side
Put it down to another experience
Come around to the other side
Fallen words from a broken framework
Touching hearts scribbled on a street
And from above here comes inspiration
Darkest clouds will disappear
Take it down put it in your diary
Come around to the pleasant side
Put it down to another experience
Come around to the other side"
"686" "Instrumental"
"687" "I will go east and go west
[To the places] from whence came
The moon and the sun
The moon and the sun will go
And the young man
With his reputation behind him
I will go wherever he came from -
The young man with his reputation behind him"
"688" "dTigeas a damhsa dom, dtigeas a damhsa dom?
dTigeas a damhsa damhsa damhsa, dtigeas a damhsa dom?
Goirm i gconai gconai, goirm i gconai dom
Goirm i gconai gconai gconai, maidin De Luain a b'fhearr.
dTigeas a damhsa dom, dtigeas a damhsa dom?
dTigeas a damhsa damhsa damhsa, dtigeas a damhsa dom?
Buachaill aniar aniar, buachaill aniar a b'fhearr
Buachaill aniar aniar aniar, is cailin o Shliabh na bPeann
dTigeas a damhsa dom, dtigeas a damhsa dom?
dTigeas a damhsa damhsa damhsa, dtigeas a damhsa dom?
Buachaill maith suiste suiste, buachaill maith suiste a b'fhearr
Buachaill maith suiste suiste suiste, is cailin deas tuirne leann
dTigeas a damhsa dom, dtigeas a damhsa dom?
dTigeas a damhsa damhsa damhsa, dtigeas a damhsa dom?"
"689" "The Poison Glen
Way up there in the poison glen
The sun's going down on the misty mountain
And I'm watching
And wondering
Feeling something from long ago
Haunted echo that surrounds the glen
The heather creeping through
The burned out ruins
And I'm watching
And wondering
Feeling spirits of long ago
Who in the valley shed the poison tear?
No one knows
An old legend of a mythical hero
And I'm watching
And wondering
Feeling something from long ago
May this vale be my silver lining
Pleasing nature with a heart's desire
And I'm watching
And wondering
Feeling everything from long ago"
"690" "A bhonnin bhu 's  mo lan do lu
'S do chnmha snte tar is do ghrinn
'S n easpa bidh, ach dobhil d
A d'fhg 'do lu th ar chl do chinn
Is measa liom fin n scrios na Tra
T a bheith 'do lu ar leaca lom'
Is nach ndearn' t dth n dola sa tr
'S nrbh fhearr leat fon n uisce poll
N hiad bhur n-anlaith at m ag agaoin
An chuach, an traonach n'n chorr bhreac
Ach mo bhonnn bu, a bh ln den chro
'S gur chosil liom fin  i ns 's i ndath
Bhodh s 'sora 'g l na d
Is deirtear go mbmse mar sin seal
Nl aon bhraon d bhfaighinn nach ligfinn sos
Ar eagla go bhfaighinnse bs den tart
'S  'd'iarr mo str orm ligean den l
N nach mbeinnse beo ach seal beag gearr
Ach dirt m li gur thug s an bhrag
Is gurbh fhaidide mo shaolsa an deoch d 'fhil
Mar an bhfeiceann sibh an an phobin ridh
A chuaigh in ag den tart ar ball?
'S, a chomharsana clibhe, fliuchaig bhur mbal
Mar n bhfaighidh sibh aon bhraon i ndiaidh bhur mbis"
"691" "As I went a-walking in the North Country,
Down by Kirby Steven I happened for to be,
As I was a-walking up and down the street,
A pretty little buy-a-broom I chanced for to meet.
chorus:
For she was right, I was tight, everybody has their way,
It was the lish young buy-a-broom that led me astray.
She kindly then invited me to go a little way,
Yes was the answer to her I did say,
There was me with me music walkin' down the street,
And her with her tambourine was beatin' hand and feet.
chorus
Straight way out for Kendal town we steered her and I ,
Over young green mountain the weather being dry,
We each had a bottle filled up to the top
And whenever we were getting dry we took a little drop.
chorus
The night was coming on and good lodgings we did find,
Eatables of all kind and plenty of good wine,
Good bed and blankets just for we two,
And I rolled her in me arms me boys, and wouldn't you do too.
chorus
Early the next morning we arose to go our way,
I called than to the landlord to see what was to pay,
Fourteen and sixpence just for two,
Four crowns upon the table my darling then she threw.
chorus
Well the reason that we parted I now shall let you hear,
She started off for Germany right early the next year,
But me being unwilling for to cross the raging sea,
Here's a health unto my bonny lass wherever she may be.
chorus repeat"
"692" "Ar mo tharraingt siar go Carn tSiail dom,
Go haonach bliantil n Fil' Muire Mr
Tharla an ainnir as an taobh aniar dom
Is go cianmhar 'gabhil tharam sa rd.
Dar liom fin, , gur scar mo chiall uaim
Mar bheinn ag siabhrn n seal ag l,
Chonacthas domhsa gur dhorcha an ghrian gheal
Le taobh 'ach dealramh 'raibh ina grua mar rs.
Bheannaos fin go preab don mhaighdean
Agus feasbhaidh cille n raibh in mo ghlr,
D'fhiafir m fin d 'raibh aon fhear in irinn
A ghlacfadh s 'e roghain orm ins an rd.
D'fhiafir s domhsa c raibh mo line,
Mo bhuig, mo bhabhar, 's gan fi na mbrg,
Go mb'annamh a chonaic sise sac ma ideadh
Ar fhear ag bragadh cailn g.
A chileann finneach, m thug m gr duit
N cuir i gcs m f bheith gan digh,
Agus gheobhaidh t aoibhneas ar halla bna,
Fon na Spinne gheobhair seal le hl.
D'fhiafir s domhsa an mar sid ba ghnch liom
Bheith ag sil na n-ardn ar bheagn str.
Is duirt m lithi nr chleacht mise 'athrach,
Ach ainnir lainn agus gloine ar bord.
Nl sid it ochar Fhanad
Nach bhfuil m i ngr le bean n dh,
Bean sna Rosa thiar i Mn na Manrach,
thaobh Ghleann tha 'go dt 'n Mhucais Mhr,
Ds i mBaoilleach, dis i mBineach,
Bean in rainn 's a chois Ghaoth Dobhair,
Leitir Ceanainn go dt mullach Ghigin
'S go Curraoin Mhanuis a chois an rid."
"693" "T m mo shu
(I am sitting)
T m mo shu d`irigh`n ghealach arir
Ag cur tein-e sos-go buan is fad go gar
T bunadh a` t `na lu is t mise liom fin
T na coiligh ag glaoch `san saol `na gcodladh ach m
I am sitting up since the moon arose last night
Putting down a fire again and again and keeping it lit
The family is in bed and here am I by myself,
The cocks are crowing and the country is asleep but me.
`Sheacht mh`anam dag do bhal do mhala is do ghrua
Do shil ghorm ghl-gheal fr thrig m sionnach na lb
Le cumha do dhiaidh n lir dom an bealach a shiil
Is a charaid mo chlibh t na slibhte `dul idir m`s t
I love your mouth, your eyebrows and your cheeks
Your bright blue eyes for whose sake I stopped hunting the wily fox
In longing for you I cannot see to walk the road
Friend of my bosom, the mountains lie between me and you.
Deiridh lucht linn gur claoite an galar an gr
Char admhaigh m is `ndiaidh mo chro istigh a chr
Aicid r-ghar, faraor nr sheachain m
Is go gcuireann s arraing is cad go gar tr cheart-lr mo chro
Learned men say that love is a fatal sickness
I never admitted it until now that my heart is broken:
It's a very painful illness, alas, I have not avoided it,
And it sends a hundred arrows through the core of my heart.
Casadh bean-ts dom thos ag Lios Bhal an tha
D`fhiafraigh m di an scaoilfeadh glas ar bith gr
Is dirt s gos seal i mbriathra soineannta simh
\"An gr a thid fn chro n scaoiltear as go brth\"
I met a fairy woman at the Rath of Beal an Atha
I asked her would any key unlock the love in my heart
And she said in soft simple language
\"When love enters the heart it will never be driven from it\"."
"694" "Seal do bh pirc, dob lainn an phirc
In aice mo dhorais go buan
Is an gach nua l d'fhsadh nua blth
Ag cur leis an ghlas-mhuir go suan
Suas suas an aer an fhuiseog go soar
Ag sor chanadh solais don l
mhaidin go teacht na hoche faoi bhrat
Nor fhoglaim m dadaigh ach gr
D'imigh gach bliain gan bhuaireadh sa phirc
M'ige geal ghireach is suairc
Ar thir na mbeach rua ag baili go luath
Gach ceann ag eitilt gan bhuairt
ist leis an tran ag feadal i gcin
Deifrigh n caillfimid
O mhaidin go teacht na hoche faoi bhrat
Sprt agus ssamh i m' chro
Fach ar an phirc
C bhfuil na crainn is an blth?
Agus fach ar an spir
C bhfuil mo chantir's mo ghr?
Seal do bh pirc, dob lainn an phirc
In aice mo dhorais go buan
Is an gach nua l d'fhsadh nua blth
Ag cur leis an ghlas-mhuir go suan"
"695" "Instrumental"
"696" "Brian Boru Anniversay 2014
Brian Boru, one of the greatest and coolest high kings of ireland, will have his 1000 year anniversary on Good Friday in 2014 and we're having a party to cheer him on his way.
He was the \"Ard Ri\", meaning \"High King\", so to be honest he was one of the first and most defo the last high king to unite Ireland under one monarch.
When he was eighty-nine, he gave the Vikings a good 'ol Battle at Clontarf on Good Friday, 1014 and defeated them, but didn't get to make it home himself and one of de pissed off defeated Vikings, Bothair, murdered Brian, apparently in his tent!
Ireland's coolest king was dead and gone, but
\"Brian was the last man in Erin who was a match for a hundred.\"
So fancy coming along to celebrate on the day?"
"697" "Bliain mhr sa taca seo ba deas mo chulaith adaigh,
Ba lfar adrom aigeanta a dhanfainn bean a bhragadh,
Ach shantaigh mise an ghiobg mar bh cupla b mar spr aici,
Is d'fhg s ar an ans m is mo chraiceann gheal gan line
M bh culaith mhaith an uair sin ort, b'fhidir nr leat fin
N raibh t psta seachtain go raibh fear na comharsa 'hiarraidh;
Dhol t mo chuid eallaigh, le sin agus tuilleadh riteach,
Is d'fhg t ar an ans m is gan snithe orm san oche
A bhuachaill, a bhuachaill, an mid agaibh at gan psadh,
N santaig na giobga de rir mar a bonn siad cirithe,
N b'fhearr duit cailn glan agat a scuabfadh amach i gcna,
N luathra bu na seachtaine cur amach D Domhnaigh
A cailn, 's a cailn, an meid a posadh
D Domhnaigh
i gcna"
"698" "curfa:
Tir abhaile ri
Tir abhaile ri
Tir abhaile ri Mhary
Tir abhaile ri 's fan sa bhaile
Mar t do mhargadh danta.
Is cuma c dhein n nr dhein
Is cuma c dhein Mhary
Is cuma c dhein n nr dhein mar
T do mhargadh danta.
Ps an piobaire
Ps an piobaire
Ps an piobaire Mhary
Ps an piobaire dts na hoche
Is beidh s agat ar maidin.
Nl do mhargadh
T do mharghad
Nl mo mhardadh danta
T do mhargadh
Nl do mhargadh
T do mhargadh danta
Translation
Go home with you
Go home with you
Go home with you, Mary
Go home with you and stay at home
Because your match is made.
It doesn't matter who made it or who didn't
It doesn't matter who made it, Mary
It doesn't matter who made it or who didn't
Because your match is made.
Marry the piper
Marry the piper
Marry the piper, Mary
Marry the piper early at night
And you'll have him in the morning.
My match isn't,
Your match is,
My match isn't made.
Your match is,
My match isn't,
Your match is made."
"699" "Rinne m smaointeamh in m'intinn is lean m d go cinnte
Go rachainn mo mhuintir anonn 'un Oilein ir
T m 'g iarraidh imp ar an Ard-R 't 's mo chionn-sa
Mo shbhil ar gach dinsar go gcrochna m mo shil
Shil m fiche mle 's nor casadh orm Crosta
Capall, b, n caora dhenfadh inghilt ar an fhar
Ach coillte dlth' is gleanntin agus birtheach beithidhigh allta
Fir is mn gan toint' orthu a chasfainn f mo mhar
Tharlaigh 'steach i dtoigh m is casadh orm daoin
D'fhiafraigh siad crbh as m n'n tr 'nr tgadh m
Labhair m leof' i mBarla gur tgadh m in irinn
Limh le Loch Eirne i gCoillidh Lios na bhFraoch
Bh cailleach insa chldaigh is ina su go sgach
D'irigh s go lfar agus chraith s liom lmh
S d'bheatha fear do thre ar' bhfaca m de dhaoin
Nr tgadh mis' in irinn i mBaile Lios Bal Atha
Nuair a chonnaic m na daoin is ansin a rinne m smaointe
Gur manar d mbeinn in irinn 's m snte faoi chlr
N sin an it a bhfuighfinn a' t-aos g bheadh laghach aoibhinn
A chaithfeadh liom an oche 'gus pirt mhr den l"
"700" "Ag feis n dil nl bean le fil
Chomh sciamhach le mo Mhire
T aice cneas bog bn a 's deas
Do chuirfeadh lil' faoi nire;
'san domhan seo, nl aon chro chomh dl
N cailn t nos fre -
'measc g n sean 's plr na mban
Is ise brd na tre.
T gruaig mo stir mar fhinni ir
A'titim sos go talamh;
Thar muinal ban a 's guaille ln
A cuma 't mar dhealbh.
G glan soilar gach ralt 'san spir
T sil mo ghr nos glaine
's binne glr mo chailn ig
N clirs ciin na cruinne.
'Measc aos g i leathar brg
Ar urlr, cirt n pairliin
Nor sheas le taobh aon fhear ariamh
Bean-rinceoir leath chomh hlainn
M bhris s cro aon ganiagh
Gan brag do bhris si cadta
'gus t na mn fil bhis gach l
Le troim'is neart a n-ada.
Ag feis n dil nl bean le fil
Chomh sciamhach le mo Mhire
T aice cneas bog bn a 's deas
Do chuirfeadh lil' faoi nire;
'san domhan seo, nl aon chro chomh dl
N cailn t nos fre -
'measc g n sean 's plr na mban
Is ise brd na tre."
"701" "[Instrumental]"
"702" "A Neansa, 'mhle gr, a bhruinneall 't gan sml
Go bhfeice mise'n t-dh 'gus an san ort!
Ba ghile do dh limh n cr geal na tr
N'n eala 's a' snmh ar an irne.
Is glaise liom do shil n braon beag den drcht,
Is binne liomsa t n na tada;
'S mur' n-ala tusa liomsa titfidh m i lionndubh
'Gus cuirfear insa chill 'do dhidh m.
Is ioma sin guth mn a chluinimse 'ngach aird
Abhus agus taobh thall den irne.
Go Corcaigh na gCuan 's go Bal Ath' na Sluaighe
'S Neansa 'thug bua ar a' mid sin.
A Mhuire 'gus a Dhia, nrbh aoibhinn deas 'r saol,
D mbeinnse agus le chile?
Trthnna aoibhinn ciin, mise 'gus mo rn
Ag cogarnal ar uaigneas slibhe.
Beir litir uaimse suas chuig Neansa chaoin na gcuach
Is aithris di gur buartha at m;
Aithris di ars nach gcodlam fin aon oche
Le harraing at tr mo thaobh deas.
Aithris d sil, Aithris d cl,
Aithris d min mhaith chill;
Aithris d ceann 's d biln at binn
Gur ghiorraigh s go cinnte mo laetha'.
D Domhnaigh m tchmse str geal mo chro
Tiocfaidh an t-amharc chugham ars is an isteacht;
An tuirse at ar mo chro, go n-imeoidh s dom,
Is n aithneofar an aois ar m'adan.
A Mhuire is a R, nach a tuirseach a bhm,
Is go scaipfinn, d mba fon uilig, an irne.
An bhfuil duine ar bith sa tr a bhainfeadh dom mo mhian?
Norbh fhada m sa saol seo ina hagmais"
"703" "Imtheochaidh soir is siar
A dtainig ariamh
An ghealach is an ghrian
Fol lol the doh fol the day
Fol the doh fol the day
Imtheochaidh an ghealach's an ghrian
An Daoine og is a chail 'na dhiadh
Fol lol the doh fol the day
Fol the doh fol the day
Fol lol the doh fol the day
Fol the doh fol the day
Imtheochaidh a dtainig ariamh
An duine og is a chail ne dhiadh
Fol lol the doh fol the day
Fol the doh fol the day
Translation
I will go east and go west
(To the places) from whence came
The moon and the sun
The moon and the sun will go
And the young man
With his reputation behind him
I will go wherever he came from
The young man with his reputation behind him"
"704" "I came around, and I was in need
You came by my side, all my troubles to ease
You collected my heart, healing the past
You'll never lay down and I can count on you
We all speak well of a bridge that carries us over
Over safe
The art of compromise has surely been our greatest strength
...our greatest strength.
When someone pretends, to circle your friends
And finds he's betraying you 'fore it all ends
A bittersweet chain, that'll always remain
So don't let illusions get the better of you
We all speak well of a bridge that carries us over
...over safe
The art of compromise has surely been our greatest strength
...our greatest strength.Love is to share, where words can't compare
Love is desire, so full of fire
We all speak well of a bridge that carries us over
...over safe
The art of compromise has surely been our greatest strength
...our greatest strength.
We all speak well of a bridge that carries us over
...over safe
The art of compromise has surely been our greatest strength
...our greatest strength."
"705" "Everything is foolhardy
And never is so good
Who will need an explanation
If all is understood?
[Chorus:]
This time has come again
It's all shining through
This one will be forever
And I'll be there for you
It was just midnight
Feeling was so high
Dancing on the crest of a wave
Your eyes met mine
Leaving those cares behind us
Dancing in the mood
[Chorus]
A certain combination
Near impossible to find
Rolling on stormy weather
Such a fine line
Striving to a seventh heaven
Knowing that could
[Chorus x 3]"
"706" "Anois i dts an fhmhair
Is m smaointi siar
Ar an laethe aerach'i bhfad shoin
'S m a' sgradh le mo mhian
Bh ilneacht aoibhinn ar a h-aghaidh
Is sls in a cro
Ba sin fad a bhuachaill
Ba sin fad, fad
I ndbhlaocht an gheimhridh
A casadh orm
Go h-asca stuama 's muid linn fhin
Thug s domhsa lmh
Ghoid m pg on bhainbon g
'S thit m li i ngr
Ba sin fad a bhuachaill
Ba sin fad, fad
A bhuachaill ig
I bhfad sul a bhfaca tusa 'n l
A bhuachaill ig
I bhfad sul a bhfaca tusa 'n l
Nar dheas d dtiochfadh an tr sin
Ar seal beag liom ars
bharfainn d gach uile n
'S mo dhlseacht li go brth
T'n saol seo cruaidh, t'n saol seo corr
Tig scamall ar an ghrian
Ba deas fad a bhuachaill
Ba deas fad, fad"
"707" "Both two hands
Of noble people
Write the ogham
In golden ireland
In young company
Noble of nature
Desire of music
In golden ireland
Ring forts of rock
The magic of the druids
Tombs of kings
In golden ireland
Holy clochan*
Churchyards and castles
Sound of the celtic (or secret? ) language**
In golden ireland."
"708" "When the cold wind blows
And the rain keeps tumbling down
And there's no one there
When the morning light shines on
[Chorus:]
You're the one to lend a hand
You're the one who understands
You're the one to comfort me
The keeper of my heart
The moments we share
Will never ever fade away
All the treasure and gold
Wouldn't make me change anyway
[Chorus:]
This heart of mine
Might change as the seasons run by
Like a small stream
That turns and runs to the sea"
"709" "It's the same old story
When someone astounds you
The harder they come
Yes the harder they fall
Takin' it easy
No matter what people say
And time will heal all your troubles away
(chorus)
I've got a notion
I might as well be closer to your heart
It's out in the open
I might as well be closer to your heart
Tossing and turning
And burning dreams across the night
(forever searching)
Silently waiting for such a long time
But will I know tomorrow
If you will be mine?
(repeat chorus)"
"710" "The Poison Glen
Way up there in the poison glen
The sun's going down on the misty mountain
And I'm watching
And wondering
Feeling something from long ago
Haunted echo that surrounds the glen
The heather creeping through
The burned out ruins
And I'm watching
And wondering
Feeling spirits of long ago
Who in the valley shed the poison tear?
No one knows
An old legend of a mythical hero
And I'm watching
And wondering
Feeling something from long ago
May this vale be my silver lining
Pleasing nature with a heart's desire
And I'm watching
And wondering
Feeling everything from long ago"
"711" "Hope is your survival
A captive path I lead
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a long long time
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a thousand years
Nachgochema
Anetaha
Anachemowagan
No matter where you go
I will find you
In the place with no frontiers
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a thousand years
Hale w yu ga I sv
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga ga I sv
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga ga I sv
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga ga I sv
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a long long time
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a thousand years
No matter where you go
I will find you
In the place with no frontiers
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a thousand years
No matter where you go
I will find you"
"712" "Broken pieces everywhere,
I stilled my mind, and found I care
Running on the morning tide,
Something you would say to me
We drank the waters of delight,
We played the games of wrong and right
Did we understand
They're just footsteps in the sand?
Oh long dreaming, find my tears
I could love you, all the years
There are times like today
The wind will blow in a gentle way
Mark it down in frozen glass
Lied to me that i could win
So many ways to share a love
With words and touch we promised much
Do we understand
The footsteps in the sand?
I believe
I believe too easily
I believe
I believe too easily
Oh long dreaming find my tears
I could love you all the years
Here I stand still the same
I guess this showcase changed the name
Hard to know who plays the fool,
Never looking back on years
I wonder now witch way to face
I catch a vision of this place
Did we understand
The footsteps in the sand?"
"713" "Ri na cruinne
Ta na daoine ag milleadh
An chine daonna
Nil muid curamach go leor
(a) ri na cruinne
Ta'n duira scriosadh
O bhliain go bliain
Nil muid faichilleach go leor
Muscail are misneadh
Frid an domhain
Muscail are misneach
Trid an domhan
Muscail are misneach
Trid an domhan mhor"
"714" "Hard to tell
Or recognize a sign
To see me through
A warning sign
First the thunder
Satisfied, if the past it will not lie
Then the storm
Torn asunder
The future you and I get blown away
In the storm
In a lifetime
And as the rain it falls
Begin again, as the storm breaks through
Heavy in my heart
Believe the light in you
So the light shines in you
Without color, faded and worn
Torn asunder in the storm
Unless the sound has faded from your soul
Unless it disappears
First the thunder
Selfish storm
Then the storm
Hold on the inside
Torn asunder
One life
In the storm
In a lifetime
In a lifetime"
"715" "Thart orainn
Relt geal san oche
T'n fharraige ciin
Agus suaimhneas sa ghaoth
An fharraige chiin
Ina codladh sa ghaoth
Thos sa ghleann an ghleann an cheo
Riocht na grine i gCaislen ir
T'n fharraige ciin agus suaimhneas sa ghaoth
An fharraige chiin ina codladh sa ghaoth
Driocht a mheall na daoine roinn
Soilse geala i gCaislen ir
T'n fharraige ciin agus suaimhneas sa ghaoth
An fharraige chiin ina codladh sa ghaoth"
"716" "How gentle was the breeze
That surrounded the way
How loud the sea's roar
On the four winds everyday
Sharing love,
Wounded gifts from ancient long ago
Together they closed in the circles we know
Will we treasure all the secrets
With lives changing scenes
Where our hearts were warm with love
So much love
Will the flowers grow again
As I open out my hand
Precious time
Time for healing
The beauty of this land
The beauty of this land
How soulful those words
That confuses the way
How wild the mountains stare
As they guard our everyday
Take for granted noble hearts
In the Golden Age that's flown
Between us recall on
A strong road we've known
Will we treasure all the secrets
With lives changing scenes
Where our hearts were warm with love
So much love
Will the flowers grow again
As I open out my hand
Precious time
Time for healing
The beauty of this land."
"717" "When will I see
An end to destruction and woe
And how will I see
No division in my life
There comes a time to make amends
Never too late to try again
To save our soul when will I see an end
To the famine and war
And when will I say
There's no solution no more
There comes a time to make amends
Never too late to try again
To save our soul
All that I see
Is soul destroying, greed
When will I say
There's a solution to meet
There comes a time to make amends
Never too late to try again
To save our soul"
"718" "Robin...
The Hooded Man
Robin...
The Hooded Man"
"719" "Rothai an t'saoil ag casadh leo
Nil imeacht uaidh go deo
Daoine corr an t'saoil ag goid leo
Ni cuma leo go foill
The wheels of the world keep on turning
It's inevitable
The corrupt people of this world keep on stealing
Yet, they don't care
White fool come to a new land
There's a dark moon on the sand
Then nothing was ever the same again
This land is in their hands
A thousand years of tribe land
Strong winds carry the pulse
Greed and lust it stripped the earth bare
When the white fool came to a new land
Cries of an anthem
Craite
Of fury and unrest
Tuirseach
Fix your eyes to the sound
Eist leo
Of the horizon
Rothai an t'saoil ag casadh leo
Nil imeacht uaidh go deo
Daoine corr an t'saoil ag troid leo
Ni cuma leo go foill
The wheels of the world keep on turning
Its inevitable
The corrupt people of this world keep on fighting
Yet, they don't care
White fool come to a new land
There's a dark moon on the sand
Then nothing was ever the same again
This land is in their hands
A thousand years of tribe land
Strong winds carry the pulse
Greed and lust it stripped the earth bare
When the white fool came to a new land
The three tribesman
Bhi'os acu
Are a t sean doigh
Eist leo"
"720" "Let me see generation times
Will we hear children singing rhymes
Sweet memories gone by
They're gone by
Let me be wiser with my eyes
Let me see my love by my side
Let me see heaven
Lonely tears of searching the wilderness
How this world can lead us all astray
Don't let me cry over colourless pictures
No more bitter winds
No more troubled seas
Just forgive me
And let me see
Let me see my love
Let me see
Let me see my love
Let me see (Chorus)
Crossing the room
I recognize the child in me
I'll close my eyes to release away all my fears
We silence the rose to see it blossom back again
Step by step we walk on
Word by word we talk on
Just forgive me
And let me see"
"721" "Ag uirchill a' chreagain sea chodail mise
'Reir faoi bhron
Is le heiri na maid'ne thainig sinnir fa mo
Dhein le poig
Bhi grisoghrus garth' aici 'gus loinhir ina
Ciabh mar or
'S ba e iochshlainte 'n domhain a bheith
'G amharc ar a' rioghan oig
A fhiafhir charthanaigh, na caitear thusa 'nealta
Ach eirigh go tapaidh agus aistrigh liom siar sa rod
Go tir dheas na meala nach bhfuair galla inti reim go foill
'S gheobhair aoibhneas ar hallaf 'mo
Mhealladhsa le siamsa ceoil
A rioghan is deise 'n tu helen fa'r
Treagh sloigh
No do na naoi mna deasa, pharnassus thu
Bhi deanta gclo?
Ce'n tir ins a' chruinne 'n ar hoileadh
Tu, a realt gan cheo
Le'r mian leat mo shamhrhailsa bheith
'Cogarnaigh leat siar sa rod?"
"722" "Ar chonnlaigh ghlais an Fhoghmhair
A stirn gur dhearc m uaim
Ba deas do chos i mbrig
'Sba r-dheas do leagan siubhail
Do ghruaidh ar dhath na rsa
'Sdo chirnn bh fighte dlith
Monuar gan sinn 'r bpsadh
N'r brd luinge 'triall 'un siubhail
T buachaill na h-ite seo
A' gartha 'gus ag irghe teann
Is lucht na gcochn rd
A' denamh fruis do mo chailn donn
D ngluaiseadh R na Spinne
Thar sile 's a shlighte cruinn
Bhrighfinn far is fsach
'S bhinn ar limh le mo chailn donn
Ceannacht buaibh ar aontaigh'
D mbnn agus mo chailn donn
Gluais is tar a chad-searc
N go dtidh muid thar Ghaoth-Bearra 'nonn
Go sgartar  n-a chile
Brr na gcraobh 's an eala n tuinn
N sgarfar sin  chile
'S nl ach baois dbh  chur 'n mur gcionn
Chuir m leitir scrobhtha
Annsoir mo sweetheart agus casaoid ghar
Chuir s chugam ars 
Go rabh a croidhe istuigh i lr mo chlibh
Cum na h-eala is mne
N'n soda 's n cluimh na n-an
Nach trom an osna ghnm-se
Nuair a smaoitighim ar a bheith 'sgaradh li"
"723" "Hear a man with a wounded past
While walking on I overheard
He said he was right by being wrong
Hear a man with a wounded child
He lifted her and then she cried
He said he was right by being strong
He was right there all along
He said he was right by being wrong
He was right there all along
The Hunter
The Hunter
Nothing but his might
The Hunter
Nothing but a man
The Hunter"
"724" "Do chomhra 's do chairdeas
Ba mhian liom I gconai
's oro gra mo chroi
Scealta is amhrain
Go haosta le sleibhte
Cruaidh 's croga le haois
Slan le na laethe a bhi seal go haerach
Slan le na laethe bhi
Slan leis an oiche
A casadh orainn do'n chead uair
Slan le na laethe bhi
Ag amharc are an fharraige
's an ghrian are a'tsaile
's oro gra mo chroi
Scealta fa Bhalar
'sna tri Mic Ua gCorra
Oileain seanda mar fhis
Bi Liom a storin
Samhradh go Geimhreadh
Run mo mhile stor"
"725" "The mist has cleared from Muckish Hill
Our parting coming nearer
The last embrace, the final touch
With nothing more to say
Nothing more to say
As silence fell around the bridge
Not a single word was spoken
A bitter breeze, a lonely stream
Echoed through the Glen
Echoed through the Glen
Droichead na ndeor
Agus droichead na gcaointe
Droichead na gcaointe
Agus droichead na ndeor
Memories fade with passing age
In forlorn hope we wait for
Distant hills still haunt us now
Until the end of time
Until the end of time
Droichead na ndeor
Agus droichead na gcaointe
Droichead na gcaointe
Agus droichead na ndeor
Droichead na ndeor
Agus droichead na gcaointe
Droichead na gcaointe
Agus droichead na ndeor"
"726" "It's not for the money
The hope and despair
It's not for the leaving
Of love that was there
If it's for danger
A fortune beware
Leaving it all back
To somewhere the same
Those mystery games
The mystery game
The mystery game
Just like a parting
A rendezvous
Glass
A lust for a passion
Long may it last
Seasons have numbed us
From a chalk to a stone
Leading us onwards
To miss or be made
Those mystery games
The mystery game
The mystery game"
"727" "Buachaill o/n e/ireann me/'s bhe/as faoi fe/in caili/n deas o/g,
Ni/ iarr fain bo/ spre/ le/ithe ta/ me/ fe/in saibhir go leor,
's liom corcaigh 'a/ mhe/id e/ dha/ thaobh a ghleanna 's tir roghain,
's mur na thiai/ me/ n' t-oidhr' ar chonthae mhaigeo.
Buachaileacht bo/, mo leo, nar chleacht mise ariamh,
Ach ag imirt 's ag 'ol 'le ho/gmhna/ deasa fa/ shliabh,
Ma/ chaill me/ mo sto/r ni/ do/' gur chaill me/ mo chiall,
A's ni/ mo/ liom do pho/g na/ 'n bhro/g ata/ 'n caitheamh le bliain.
A chuisle 's a sto/r na/ po/s an sean duine liath,
Ach po/s a' fein o/g, mo leo, muir' maine se/ ach bliain,
No/ beidh tu/ go fo/oill gan o/ no/ mac os da chionn,
A shilleadh an deor tra/thno/na no/ 'n maidin go trom.
Translation
I am a boy from ireland and i'd coax a nice young girl,
I wouldn't ask for a dowry with her, i'm rich enough myself,
I own cork, big as it is both sides of the glen and tyrone,
And if i don't change my ways i'll be the heir for county mayo.
Cow herding, my leo, i did not never practice,
But playing and drinking with new young women by the mountain.
If i lost my wealth and i don't think i lost my sense,
And your kiss is no more to me than a show worn for a year.
My love and treasure, don't marry the old grey man,
But marry a young man, my leo, even though he lives but a year,
Or you'll still be without a daughter or son above you,
Crying in the afternoon or in the morning hard."
"728" "Why must I worry?
Try not to hurry like other people
Why must I hurry?
'Cause you know yourself
That is not the way
Who am I, to tell you lies
Then say, \"I didn't mean it at all\"
See me, hear me
But you don't know what I'm sayin'
You feel it, take it
In your stride
Why must I worry?
Try not to hurry like other people
Why must I hurry?
'Cause you know yourself
That is not the way
When you call me
Talk about the yesterdays
Cheers me, steers me
Follow better reason
To feel it, an' take it
In our stride
Why must I worry?
An' try not to hurry like other people
Why must I worry?
'Cause you know yourself
That is not the way
Why worry? Why worry?
Try not to hurry
(Try not to hurry)
Why must I hurry?
'Cause you know yourself
That is not my way
Why must I worry?
Try not to hurry
(Try not to)
It is not the way
Why worry? Why worry?
Try not to hurry
Why must I worry?
(Why must I worry)
It is not the way"
"729" "Everybody's rushing around
Trying to keep a hold
On some piece of mine
All the time
And somebody's lookin' around
Tyin' to find
Something to believe in
To believe in
All the things they promised
They're always lies
CHORUS
Well it's something
Oh it's something to believe in
You know it's something
Every little once in a while
You take a chance to win
On a turning card
But it may be hard
We could be fooled on the merry-go-round
But I'm trying to find
Something to believe in
To believe in
All the things they promised
You know they always lied
CHORUS
I've been willing and strong all along
Through chilling times
In a sea of heartbreak
Where you give and take
I won't give in to promises
Until I find something to believe in
To believe in"
"730" "There is a place on the east
Mysterious ring, a magical ring of stones
The druids have lived there once they said,
Forgotten is the race that no-one knows.
[Chorus]
Rum de rum 'rud a derimo
Rum de rum 'rud a derimo
The circled tomb of a different age
Secret lines carved on ancient stone.
Heroic kings laid down to rest
Forgotten is the race that no-one knows.
Wait for the sun on a winter's day
And a beam of light shines across the floor.
Mysterious ring, a magical ring.
But forgotten is the race that no-one knows."
"731" "Oh. I care a lot.
You don't believe it's true, do you?
So. The answer's not given before you start,
And try.
Almost seems to late to turn,
What to do if I'm to learn?
Almost seems to late to turn,
To you.
I saw the sad decline,
Of it become a storm.
Stayed so cold last night,
This lonely heart inside me says:
Almost seems to late to turn,
What to do if I'm to learn?
Almost seems to late to turn,
To you.
Almost seems to late to turn,
What to do if I'm to learn?
Almost seems to late to turn,
To you.
Now, the anger's gone,
It leaves behind a pain, again.
Where did we go wrong?
Let go my shadow, pass me back.
Almost seems to late to turn,
What to do if I'm to learn?
Almost seems to late to turn,
To you."
"732" "Slowly, I look around
At every sight, for every sound
We stood with troubles deep
She is trampled on the ground
Feel the sadness inside
I'm scarlet inside
Realize far too late
As her life dissipates
No truth, no reason why
Just the fear and the hatred
Feel the sadness inside
I'm scarlet inside
I'm scarlet inside
This life is such a lie
Now I don't even try
Never (a good thing done)
I never saw eye to eye
Feel the sadness inside
I'm scarlet inside
I'm scarlet inside"
"733" "Instrumental"
"734" "When many roads lead to nowhere
And all the places look the same
Everywhere
You just call me
You just call 'cause I'll be there
So many words said forever
And all the tales of yesterday
Fade away
(Fade away)
You just call me
You just call 'cause I'll be there
('Cause I'll be there)
You just call 'cause I'll be there
When many roads lead to nowhere
And all the faces look the same
Everywhere
You just call me
You just call 'cause I'll be there"
"735" "Instrumental"
"736" "T crann ll gcoittnal an ghairdn,
Is sifimid sos no go gcuire siad an fl air,
Ar eagla go dtitfeadh 'n bunadh g I ngr leis.
Crfa
Nuair a bhogfaidh tusa, bogfaidh mise,
Is bogfaimid le chile,
Is a chraoibhn aoibhin aluinn .
Bfhearr liom an gabha' t ag obair sa chartan,
Ag bualadh an t-ord go lfair is go lidir,
A shaothr an scilling is a dolfadh dt au tabhaime e.
Crfa
Bhfearr liom an feirmeoir ag seoladh amach go h-aerach,
Maidin dheas san earrach le seisreach is pire,
Ag cromadh ar an obair 's ag tiont an chreafg.
Crfa
Bhfearr liom an t-iascaire amuigh ina bhidn,
Ag cur a chuid eangach 's ag breith ar na bradin.
Ag troid leis na tonnta o oche go maidin.
Crfa"
"737" "Mo bheannacht le na buachaill a dimigh uain thar sile,
Ach dfg siad culaith dheas orm le dhul amach de domhnaigh,
Cta mr go talamh agus bheiste den tsoda lidir,
Brste bh san fhaisean agus brga de'n leathar spainneach.
Curfa
Or na buachaill, na buachaill bh lainn,
Or na buachaill, na buachaill bh lainn.
Nuair a tchmsa an fharraige garbh  s mo chro bos crite,
Ag saoineadh are na buachaill mar bhonn siad ins na bda,
Ach gum-sa r na naingeal s shorcios na plinid,
's go dtuga s sln na buachaill are chontirt a bheith bite.
Curfa
Fuair m litir as albain 's n raibh s in mo shsamh,
Gur psadh na buachaill are chailn na h-ite,
Ach n nr mhaith linn acu iad d mbeadh siad inar ssamh,
Ach cailn na n-oilan 's iad an dream a bhfearr linn.
Curfa"
"738" "Instrumental"
"739" "Instrumental"
"740" "An raibh tu I gcill alla no caislean a' bharraigh,
Bhfaca tu campai a bhi ag na francaigh?
Curfa
Mise 'gus tusa 'gus ruball na muice 'gus bacach shil' andai.
Bhi me I gcill alla is caislean a' bharraigh,
Chonaic me campai bhi ag na francaigh.
Curfa
Mise 'gus tusa 'gus ruball na muice 'gus bacach shil' andai.
An raibh tu ar a chruach no bhfaca tu slua,
Bhi ar chnoc phadraig, bhi ar chnoc phadraig?
Curfa
Mise 'gus tusa 'gus ruball na muice 'gus bacach shil' andai.
A bhi me ar a chruach is chonaic me slua,
A bhi ar chnoc phadraig, bhi ar chnoc phadraig.
Curfa
Mise 'gus tusa 'gus ruball na muice 'gus bacach shil' andai."
"741" "Instrumental"
"742" "Love and Affection
You play games in the street
Who to trust and who to meet
Sweet justice hard to find
Say the same with deceit
Take no blame in defeat
Sweet justice hard to find
All I wanted was love and affection
All I wanted was love and affection
Lonely child roams around
As someone else goes underground
All trying to make ends meet
Trouble staring, is life so cheap?
All they wanted was love and affection
All they wanted was love and affection
Broken dreams in the street
True sensations, the stories leak
Sweet justice hard to find
Can't simply speak my mind
All I wanted was love and affection
All they wanted was love and affection
All I wanted was love and affection
And all they wanted was love and affection"
"743" "Chuaigh m isteach I dteach arir
Is d'iarr m cairde ar mhnaoi an leanna.
Is dirt s liom \"n bhfaighidh t deor.
Buail an bthar is gabh abhaile.\"
Curf:
Nl s ina l, nl a ghr,
Nl s ina l is n bheidh go maidin,
Nl s ina l is n bheidh go fill,
Solas ard at sa ghealaigh.
Chuir m fin mo lmh I mo phca
Is d'iarr m briseadh scillinge uirthi.
Is dirt s liom \"suigh sos ag bord
Is b ag l anseo go maidin.\"
Curf
\"irigh I do shu, a fhear an t,
Cuir ort do bhrst is do hata
Go gcoinne t ceol leis an duine cir
A bheas ag l anseo go maidin.\"
Curf
Nach mise fin an fear gan chill
A d'fhg mo chos in mo scornaigh?
D'fhg m lan orm fin
Is d'fhg m san ar dhaoine eile.
Translation
I went into a tavern, and the barkeep,
Doesn't much care for the look of me.
I look like I've got no money on me.
She tells me to hit the road.
I put my hand into my pocket,
I asked if she could break a shilling.
She said to me \"sit down at the table,
You'll be drinking here 'till morning.\"
She roused the man of the house,
Tells him to get up, put his trousers and hat on,
And go out and find a musician to entertain me,
So I'll stay here drinking until morning.
Was I the man without sense
To leave my money when I'd been scorned?
I left woefully,
I left a sign to other people."
"744" "Robin
The hooded man
Robin
The hooded man
Robin
The hooded man
Robin
The hooded man
Robin
The hooded man"
"745" "irigh suas a stirn mura bfhuil t do shui
Foscail a' doras agus lig mise 'un ti
Ta buidal I'm aice bharfas deoch
Do mhnaoi an t
A's t sil 'gam nach ndiltuigheann
T m fa do non
Nuair a irighim amach ar maidin
Agus dearcaim uaim siar
Is dearcaim ar a'bhaile ud a bhfuil
Agam le ghabhail ann
Tuiteann na dera na srite liom sios
Agus gniomh se mle osna a
T cosil le cumhaidh
I ngleanntain na coilleadh uagn
Is lag brnach a bim
 dhomnach go domhnach 's
M ag cathamh mo shaol
'm feitheamh gach trathnna ce
Shilil 'na rd no c thiocfadh 'n ti
's gan duine ar an domhan mhr a thiocfadh
's thgfadh mo chroi
A mhil a chadsearc na
Trig thusa m go brch
Nach bhfuil m do dhiadh gach aon l
Fa mhalaidh na n-ard
Is t cruithneach ar mhn ireann
Is t an parla 't doiligh 'fhil
Is dar mhionna mo bhil ni brag
Go bhfuil m leatsa I ngr"
"746" "Rothai an t'saoil ag casadh leo
Nil imeacht uaidh go deo
Daoine corr an t'saoil ag goid leo
Ni cuma leo go foill
(the wheels of the world keep on turning
It's inevitable
The corrupt people of this world keep on stealing
Yet, they don't care)
White fool come to a new land
There's a dark moon on the sand
Then nothing was ever the same again
This land is in their hands
A thousand years of tribeland
Strong winds carry the pulse
Greed and lust it stripped the earth bare
When the white fool came to a new land
Cries of an anthem-
Craite
Of fury and unrest-
Tuirseach
Fix your eyes to the sound-
Eist leo
Of the horizon
Rothai an t'saoil ag casadh leo
Nil imeacht uaidh go deo
Daoine corr an t'saoil ag troid leo
Ni cuma leo go foill
(the wheels of the world keep on turning
Its inevitable
The corrupt people of this world keep on fighting
Yet, they don't care)
White fool come to a new land
There's a dark moon on the sand
Then nothing was ever the same again
This land is in their hands
A thousand years of tribeland
Strong winds carry the pulse
Greed and lust it stripped the earth bare
When the white fool came to a new land
The three tribesman
Bhi'os acu
Are a t sean doigh
Eist leo"
"747" "Everybody's rushing around
Trying to keep a hold
On some piece of mine
All the time
And somebody's lookin' around
Tyin' to find
Something to believe in
To believe in
All the things they promised
They're always lies
CHORUS
Well it's something
Oh it's something to believe in
You know it's something
Every little once in a while
You take a chance to win
On a turning card
But it may be hard
We could be fooled on the merry-go-round
But I'm trying to find
Something to believe in
To believe in
All the things they promised
You know they always lied
CHORUS
I've been willing and strong all along
Through chilling times
In a sea of heartbreak
Where you give and take
I won't give in to promises
Until I find something to believe in
To believe in"
"748" "Instrumental"
"749" "I went to the fair and sold my cow
For five pounds of silver and a yellow guinea of gold
If I drink the silver and if I give away the gold
O what is that to anyone else.
If I drink the silver and if I give away the gold
O what is that to anyone else.
If I go to the leafy woods gathering berries or chestnuts,
Plucking apples from branches or herding cows,
If I stretch out for a while beneath a tree relaxing,
O what is that to anyone else.
If I stretch out for a while beneath a tree relaxing,
O what is that to anyone else.
If I go for a night-visit and for dancing and sport,
To fairs and races and every gathering of that sort,
If I see happy people and if I'm happy with them,
O what is that to anyone else.
If I see happy people and if I'm happy with them,
O what is that to anyone else.
People say I'm without riches no doubt,
Without goods or clothes or cattle or stock,
If I a happy living in a hovel,
O what is that to anyone else.
If I a happy living in a hovel,
O what is that to anyone else."
"750" "Are a ghabhil 'n a 'chuain damh 's m bh go huaibhreach
Tinn lag buartha I'm intinn
Bhi me feachaint uaim are an speir aduaidh
's  al uaim 'na trealtai
Ach faraoir gar gar 's m an ceann gan chill
Nor ghlac m comhairle mo mhithrin fin
's gur dhirt s liom frd chomr ghrinn
Go beal-ath-hamhnais 's n triall ann
Ach ba mhn a thug m gr do mo chailn bn
An l bre I gcl an gharra
's do bhiln blth mar chr na tr
's do ghruann chomh dearg leis na caorthainn
Chuir m lmh are an chuan, 's bh mo chro ln gruaim
Ag ceilir caoin na n-anlaith
's nach trua gan mise ag al leat
Faoi rpa 's seolta seidte
Or, a chuid 's a rn d ngluaisfe are sil
Go tr na long as irinn
Nl tuirse cro n tinneas cinn
Nach leighisf ann gan amhras
N ba t mo rogha innui is inn
Agus coinnivh agat fin n bhs m
N gan ghrsta d n mhairfitdh m
Are an tsrid seo I mbal-ath-hamhnais"
"751" "Instrumental"
"752" "This heart of mine won't keep
Or believe in the secret, like the moss on a stone
This heart of mine won't beat
It just carries itself away
These parting times won't break me
Deserted times stop running
-backwards-
Ar do chul
This form of love won't share
Or give in to a feeling with nothing to gain
No compromise in time
You're so near and yet so far
These parting times won't break me
Deserted times stop running
-backwards-
Ar do chul
And when i turn in silence found
What i say won't let you down
And when your call, outside my door
Ends the searching..."
"753" "Instrumental"
"754" "[from gerard manning's list of clannad lyrics]
Curf (chorus)
Tir abhaile ri
Tir abhaile ri
Tir abhaile ri mhary
Tir abhaile ri 's fan sa bhaile
Mar t do mhargadh danta.
Verse
Is cuma c dhein n nr dhein
Is cuma c dhein mhary
Is cuma c dhein n nr dhein mar
T do mhargadh danta.
Curf
Ps an piobaire
Ps an piobaire
Ps an piobaire mhary
Ps an piobaire dts na hoche
Is beidh s agat ar maidin.
Curf
Nl do mmhargadh
T do mharghad
Nl mo mhardadh danta
T do mhargadh
Nl do mhargadh
T do mhargadh danta"
"755" "There were two sisters side by side
Sing aye dumb, sing aye day
There were two sisters side by side
The boys are born for me
There were two sisters side by side
The eldest for young johnny cried
I'll be true for my love
If he'll be true to me
Johnny bought the youngest a gay gold ring,
He never bought the eldest a single thing
Johnny bought the youngest a beaver hat,
The eldest never thought much of that
As they were walking by the foamy brim,
The eldest pushed the youngest in
Sister, oh sister give me thy hand,
And you can have johnny and all his land
Sister i won't give you my hand,
And i'll have johnny and all his land
So there she sank and away she swam,
Until she came to the miller's dam
Miller took away her gay gold ring,
And then he pushed her in again
Miller he was hanged on the mountain head,
The eldest sister was boiled in lead"
"756" "Nuair a gheobhas m bs na cuirig laoi fhd m,
Tabhair go t 'n leanna m 'gus cirig ar brd m,
An it a mbidh m 'g isteacht le na muganna d mbualadh,
Is gur binne liom naoi n-uaire na ceol binn na cuaiche -
'gus lontar dinn an criscn agus bodh s ln.
T cailn ar an bhaile seo agus t s lch aereach,
T s lch geanamhail 'gus loinnir ar a hadn;
Mac-a-samhail chan fhaca m I mbaile n I n-thrach,
Ach an pamhsa neill bhi ar thoin na loing a lathadh
'gus lontar dinn an criscn agus bodh s ln.
An dtiochfaidh t, n 'n bhfanfaidh t, n 'n dtiocfaidh t a dhmhnaill,
An dtiochfaidh t n 'n bhfanfaidh t, n 'bhfil d dhthan lta?
Tiocfaidh m 's n fhtanfaidh m, is t mo dhthan lta,
Is beidh an cailn deas agam m glacann s mo comhairle
'gus lontar dinn an criscn agus bodh s ln.
Is deas a' baile an baile seo, is deas an baile cnimhs,
Is deise an baile an baile seo na baile ar bith 'san it seo,
T siad congar aifrinn ann muilinn agus ceardchan,
's na mhanar do 'n mhnaoi ig beadh na cna ann ach rithe
Is lontar dinn an criscn is bidh s ln."
"757" "Instrumental"
"758" "Came upon an ancient forest
A guided path had led me there
Walking through the mystic forest
The legend tales and times gone by
Voices whisper in the black night
Refection deep in wooded lands
A floating mist that circles shadows
The legend tales and times gone by
Giant trees are folding me
In the many years and ages past
Will they ever share the answer
Of the legend tales and times gone by?
Walking through the mystic forest
I'm walking through the mystic forest"
"759" "Instrumental"
"760" "It was on a fine summer's morning
The birds sweetly tune on each bough
And as I walked out for my pleasure
I saw a maid milking a cow
Her voice was so enchanting, melodious
Left me quite unable to go
My heart, it was loaded with sorrow
For the pretty maid milking her cow
Then to her I made my advances
\"good morrow most beautiful maid
Your beauty my heart so entrances\"
\"pray sir do not banter,\" she said
\"i'm not such a rare precious jewel
That I should enamour you so
I am but a poor little milk girl,\"
Says the pretty maid milking her cow
The indies afford no such jewel
So bright, so transparently clear
I do not add things to my funeral
Consent but to know me my dear
Oh, had I the lamp of aladdin
Or the wealth that gold mines can bestow
I'd rather be poor in a cottage
With the pretty girl milking her cow."
"761" "Blue ocean
Strange lands"
"762" "Instrumental"
"763" "Ears will hear them sing
Names gracefully ring
Far places, the overthrown traces
And stray away
Further on we go
More beggars with bowls
Small vessels to hold the whole world
Of the strayed away
Letters of home from here
Tell fortune and cheer
How can they believe it
From someone who strays away?
Strangers by the door
Camp-tired and sore
Come counting on kindness
For those who have strayed away"
"764" "Instrumental"
"765" "Traveling down a dirty road
Covered with moss
And see the gray stones
Green as luscious fields in sight
A dark moonlight night
When the past flashes by
Coming from the heavens like a falling star
That you wish upon
Isn't it a struggle
To find a good friend?
Isn't it a struggle
To have to defend
Isn't it a struggle
You have to take that chance to lend a hand
Well I'm traveling down a dirty road
Clearing up all that's known
A misty occurrence happens all the time
Around every corner a brighter day lies
Loads of mercy, beauty beholds
An eye for a partner as good, as good as gold
Green as luscious fields in sight
A dark moonlight night
When the past flashes by
Coming from the heavens like a falling star
That you wish upon
Isn't it a struggle
To find a good friend?
Isn't it a struggle?
To have to defend?
Isn't it a struggle
You have to take that chance to lend a head
Isn't it a struggle
To find a good friend?
Isn't it a struggle?
To have to defend?"
"766" "Thos cois na tr domh, in ndoimhneacht na h-oche
An saol mhor ina gcodhladh, 's mise liom fin
Na h-anacha mara ag scairtigh go lanmhar
Cosil le h-anamnacha bochta I bpin.
Iomln geala 's iomln rabharta
Aoibhneas 's ciineas, 's illeacht sa domhain
Crnn na fairrige ag dul siar are mo chluasa
Bog-cheol an uisce ag sileadh san abhainn.
Istigh are na h-insein t sean-reilig bheannaithe
An it inar mhaireadh naoimh san aimsir fad
T daoine istigh ann ag chaith seal go h-aerach
N shilfaidh siad thar fn chladaigh nos m.
Bhuail uaigneas m'intnn 's m ag amharc are an reilig
'S m ag meadhradh are dhaoine istigh ann ina lu
Fir a's mn ga, seandaoine 's pist
Muintir mo mhuintir 's cairde mo chro.
T na coiligh ag glaoch 's na ralta ag bn
T an ghealach ina lu 's n fada go l
Sln agat anois a shean-reilig bheannaithe
'S na daoine a shilfadh liom sos cois na tr.
English Translation From Jason Carns
Down by the beach, in the deep of night
The big world is sleeping and I am alone
The sea-birds are calling sorrowfully
Like poor souls in pain
Total purity and total abundance (?)
Bliss and calmness and beauty in the world
The murmur of the sea going into my ears
The soft song of the water flowing in the river.
Above on the headland* there is a blessed old cemetery
The place in which saints lived in times long ago
There are people within spending a while carefree
The will not walk round on the shore any more.
Loneliness strikes my spirits as I look at the cemetery
And I'm thinking about the people in there sleeping
Men and young women, old people and children
People of my people and friends of my heart.
The cocks are crowing and the stars are fading
The moon is setting and it's not long until day
Goodbye now blessed old cemetery
And to the people who walked with me down by the beach.
(Above...)* A rough translation. Couldn't find the word \"insein\", but think
It means something like this.
By: Traditional
From: \"Clannad\""
"767" "Instrumental"
"768" "[Instrumental]"
"769" "To a son it is given
Some dusty strings from the wall
Fingers touch and he plays a tune
It's a mighty air
You know the heart is there
It hides from the outside
And it shines from within
A ready pen for a picture
Fine scribes lead the way
Focus lens direct eyes that see
The gifted hands
Through timeless sands
It hides from the outside
And it shines from within
When nature takes you for a stroll
Down an avenue with so much soul
Pleasure, gifts and the ornaments
The creation found \"in the moving cloud\"
It hides from the outside
And it shines from within
The kind that keep holding on
And it shines within
Second nature"
"770" "Sa tsean ghleann thiar a bhi s raibh
Go dt gur fhs na hadharc' uirthi
Bliain is cad is corradh laethe
Go dtinig an aois go tran uirthi
Bhi s gcr bheag ins an cheo
Go dtinig feil'eoin is gur alaigh s
Thart an rd san bealach mr
Gur lean a tir go gear uirthi.
Ni raibh nduine ar a tir ach donnch g
Is d'ith s an ln san t-anlann air
Ni raibh aige ina dhorn ach ceap tine mr
Agus leag s anuas n arradh
Nuair a chuala an gabhar bn go raibh s ar lr
Thug s lim chun trrthla
Thug s rs 's ni raibh s ssta
Is leag s spon an tillira.
Chomh cruinn le rn gur thg s feoil
Gan pis gan mrn dibhirce
Ach d'ith s cib agus barr an fhraoich
Slnls min is craobhgai
Draoin is dreas is cuilcann glas
Gach n ar dhath na h-inleoga
Cutharn slibhe, duillir file
Caora srana agus blainsogai.
Chuaigh s dhol cios le caiftn spits
Is chraethnaigh a croi go dtrigf
Chaith s an oche ar bheagn bidh
Mar ndil is go geasfa far uirthi
D'fan s 'a iche I dtin ros coill
Is chaith s go plisra
Go dtinig an slua ar maidin go luath
Is thug siad amach as irinn ."
"771" "Covered in darkness a time that is past
Waiting adrift they cannot hold back
Cannot hold back
Tear misted eyes standing alone
A broken will over all that they?ve known
[Chorus:]
Out in the distance far is the calling
Shadows still steal
Through the place that they knew
A vision that?s empty is what they see
The eyes of tomorrow
Look to sunset dreams
Sorrow deepens only to tell
That silence speaks where words cannot mend
Words cannot mend
A vision that?s empty is what they see
The eyes of tomorrow
Look to sunset dreams
[Chorus]
Covered in darkness a time that is past
Waiting adrift they cannot hold back
Cannot hold back
Tear misted eyes standing alone
A broken will over all that they?ve known
[Chorus]"
"772" "Do chomhra 's do chairdeas
Ba mhian liom I gconai
's oro gra mo chroi
Scealta is amhrain
Go haosta le sleibhte
Cruaidh 's croga le haois
Slan le na laethe a bhi seal go haerach
Slan le na laethe bhi
Slan leis an oiche
A casadh orainn do'n chead uair
Slan le na laethe bhi
Ag amharc are an fharraige
's an ghrian are a'tsaile
's oro gra mo chroi
Scealta fa Bhalar
'sna tri Mic Ua gCorra
Oileain seanda mar fhis
Bi Liom a storin
Samhradh go Geimhreadh
Run mo mhile stor"
"773" "Together we
Together we sing
Together free
Together we"
"774" "Looking around and around again
That's mean, oh that's mean
Far away on my own again
At gagans rye(? ) and tower hill
Silence sweet
Is there someone out there too?
Lies on on the twilight
It's me, you're home
Blue and grey, in season art
Another night at tower hill
Silence sweet
Is there someone out there too?
Silence sweet
Silence sweet
Is there someone out there too?
Stay in line and count to ten
Still here, right here
Moving round the center
I'm sorry now, at tower hill
Silence sweet
Is there someone out there too?"
"775" "Poirtn shein a tsoda
As rince philib a'cheoil
Dansa domhsa rince
Is seinnfidh mise an ceol
Crf
 s bhean nach deas
 s bhean nach seoigh
 s bhean nach deas
Rince philib a'cheoil
Poirtn shein a tsoda
As rince philib a'cheoil
Sin mar bh go d seo
's amhlaidh bhas go deo
Crf
Poirtn shein a tsoda
As rince philib a'cheoil
Greas do chorin phoba
Meidhreach agus go beo
Crf
Poirtn shein a tsoda
As rince philib a'cheoil
Aoibhinn linn an rince
An siamsa agus an ceol.
Crf"
"776" "An raibh tu I gcill alla no caislean a' bharraigh,
Bhfaca tu campai a bhi ag na francaigh?
Curfa
Mise 'gus tusa 'gus ruball na muice 'gus bacach shil' andai.
Bhi me I gcill alla is caislean a' bharraigh,
Chonaic me campai bhi ag na francaigh.
Curfa
Mise 'gus tusa 'gus ruball na muice 'gus bacach shil' andai.
An raibh tu ar a chruach no bhfaca tu slua,
Bhi ar chnoc phadraig, bhi ar chnoc phadraig?
Curfa
Mise 'gus tusa 'gus ruball na muice 'gus bacach shil' andai.
A bhi me ar a chruach is chonaic me slua,
A bhi ar chnoc phadraig, bhi ar chnoc phadraig.
Curfa
Mise 'gus tusa 'gus ruball na muice 'gus bacach shil' andai."
"777" "Moving drift wood, stopped and stared
It proved too much for me
I'm looking at an empty shell
The young girl waiting
She's waiting there
With a suit case in her hand
She won't look back on the land
But with a change of heart
For you it might come true
It's like a stepping stone
You know it's up to you
Just like a stepping stone
You know it might come true.
She wants her freedom
To see with her own eyes
All the cities of the world
And the faces strange to hers
Strange in her eyes.
But with a change of heart
For you it might come true
It's like a stepping stone
You know it's up to you.
With a change of heart
You have to see it through
It's like a stepping stone
You know it's up to you
Just like a stepping stone
You know it might come true."
"778" "Instrumental"
"779" "Hope is your survival
A captive path I lead
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a long long time
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a thousand years
Nachgochema
Anetaha
Anachemowagan
No matter where you go
I will find you
In the place with no frontiers
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a thousand years
Hale w yu ga I sv
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga ga I sv
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga ga I sv
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga ga I sv
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a long long time
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a thousand years
No matter where you go
I will find you
In the place with no frontiers
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a thousand years
No matter where you go
I will find you"
"780" "Instrumental"
"781" "Do chomhra 's do chairdeas
Ba mhian liom I gconai
's oro gra mo chroi
Scealta is amhrain
Go haosta le sleibhte
Cruaidh 's croga le haois
Slan le na laethe a bhi seal go haerach
Slan le na laethe bhi
Slan leis an oiche
A casadh orainn do'n chead uair
Slan le na laethe bhi
Ag amharc are an fharraige
's an ghrian are a'tsaile
's oro gra mo chroi
Scealta fa Bhalar
'sna tri Mic Ua gCorra
Oileain seanda mar fhis
Bi Liom a storin
Samhradh go Geimhreadh
Run mo mhile stor"
"782" "[Instrumental]"
"783" "A blind bargain, can't you see a cloud of secrecy
Voices whispering, for they might get heard
Play with fire, be insane
It's a danger game, cast aside
Guiding star leads the way
Sirius, Sirius
Our ocean's, a red sea
But you won't change your ways
Moving close, as the giant stares on
The money and the power unite, cast aside
Guiding star lights the way
Sirius, Sirius
Sirius, Sirius
The brightness in this sky
Light years we've tried
As our children's echoes become lonely cries
The money and the power divide us
Cast aside
Guiding star lights the way
Sirius
We'll see who cares
Sirius
For those who dare
Sirius
The time will tell
Sirius
Time will tell"
"784" "From jason carns
Thos cois na tr domh, in ndoimhneacht na h-oche
An saol mhor ina gcodhladh, 's mise liom fin
Na h-anacha mara ag scairtigh go lanmhar
Cosil le h-anamnacha bochta I bpin.
Iomln geala 's iomln rabharta
Aoibhneas 's ciineas, 's illeacht sa domhain
Crnn na fairrige ag dul siar ar mo chluasa
Bog-cheol an uisce ag sileadh san abhainn.
Istigh ar na h-insein t sean-reilig bheannaithe
An it inar mhaireadh naoimh san aimsir fad
T daoine istigh ann ag chaith seal go h-aerach
N shilfaidh siad thar fn chladaigh nos m.
Bhuail uaigneas m'intnn 's m ag amharc ar an reilig
's m ag meadhradh ar dhaoine istigh ann ina lu
Fir a's mn ga, seandaoine 's pist
Muintir mo mhuintir 's cairde mo chro.
T na coiligh ag glaoch 's na ralta ag bn
T an ghealach ina lu 's n fada go l
Sln agat anois a shean-reilig bheannaithe
's na daoine a shilfadh liom sos cois na tr.
Translation
From jason carns
Down by the beach, in the deep of night
The big world is sleeping and I am alone
The sea-birds are calling sorrowfully
Like poor souls in pain
Total purity and total abundance (? )
Bliss and calmness and beauty in the world
The murmur of the sea going into my ears
The soft song of the water flowing in the river.
Above on the headland* there is a blessed old cemetery
The place in which saints lived in times long ago
There are people within spending a while carefree
The will not walk round on the shore any more.
Loneliness strikes my spirits as I look at the cemetery
And I'm thinking about the people in there sleeping
Men and young women, old people and children
People of my people and friends of my heart.
The cocks are crowing and the stars are fading
The moon is setting and it's not long until day
Goodbye now blessed old cemetery
And to the people who walked with me down by the beach.
(above...)* a rough translation. couldn't find the word \"insein\", but think it means something like this."
"785" "Tell me what you please
This place is a squeeze
Your guess is as good as mine
Sell me other dreams; oh, the summer's here
You know we're going down the line
You know we're going down the line
Taking all the pieces of the situation
Hoping we can work it out
With fate on your side, luck and some pride
You are on the right line
It'll be a sure sign
In fortune's hand
Where do we stand?
In fortune's hand
There isn't a noble or a humble person
Who isn't up or down a while
Throw caution to the wind
Leave your cares behind
You know we're going down the line
You know we're going down the line
Tell me what you please
This place is a squeeze
Your guess is as good as mine
Sell me other dreams; oh, the summer's here
You know we're going down the line
You know we're going down the line
In fortune's hand
Where do we stand?
In fortune's hand"
"786" "Let me show you a face in disguise
A colour that's faded, swept aside by the tide
Scene after scene, later
There's a grey dust that's in our eyes
A misty cover that hides on the turning tide
Wooh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah
The soul of a proud man drowns
Wooh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah
The sad insinuation using words that are unwise
How they waver your eyes
Wheels within wheels are turning
I love you, love you
Wooh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah
The soul of a proud man drowns
Wooh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah
For so long a proud man
We face a fierce wind and the turning tide
Wooh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah
The soul of a proud man drowns
Wooh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah
For soul of a proud man
Wooh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah
The soul of a proud man drowns
Wooh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah
For soul of a proud man
Wooh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah"
"787" "Buachaill o/n e/ireann me/'s bhe/as faoi fe/in caili/n deas o/g,
Ni/ iarr fain bo/ spre/ le/ithe ta/ me/ fe/in saibhir go leor,
's liom corcaigh 'a/ mhe/id e/ dha/ thaobh a ghleanna 's tir roghain,
's mur na thiai/ me/ n' t-oidhr' are chonthae mhaigeo.
Buachaileacht bo/, mo leo, nar chleacht mise ariamh,
Ach ag imirt 's ag 'ol 'le ho/gmhna/ deasa fa/ shliabh,
Ma/ chaill me/ mo sto/r ni/ do/' gur chaill me/ mo chiall,
A's ni/ mo/ liom do pho/g na/ 'n bhro/g ata/ 'n caitheamh le bliain.
A chuisle 's a sto/r na/ po/s an sean duine liath,
Ach po/s a' fein o/g, mo leo, muir' maine se/ ach bliain,
No/ beidh tu/ go fo/oill gan o/ no/ mac os da chionn,
A shilleadh an deor tra/thno/na no/ 'n maidin go trom.
Translation
I am a boy from ireland and I'd coax a nice young girl,
I wouldn't ask for a dowry with her, I'm rich enough myself,
I own cork, big as it is both sides of the glen and tyrone,
And if I don't change my ways I'll be the heir for county mayo.
Cow herding, my leo, I did not never practice,
But playing and drinking with new young women by the mountain.
If I lost my wealth and I don't think I lost my sense,
And your kiss is no more to me than a show worn for a year.
My love and treasure, don't marry the old grey man,
But marry a young man, my leo, even though he lives but a year,
Or you'll still be without a daughter or son above you,
Crying in the afternoon or in the morning hard."
"788" "Dheanainn s'gradh ris an nigh'n dubh
'n deidh dhomb irigh as a 'mhadainn
Dheanainn s'gradh ris an nigh'n dubh
Dheanainn s'gradh ris a' ghruagaich
Nuair a bhiodh a' sluagh nan cadal
Dheanainn s'gradh ris an am d'sgadh
'n am na si'il a bhith 'gham pasgadh
Di-luain an didh di-domhnaich
Dh'fhalbh sinn le senaid a arcaibh
Bha muir gorm a'ruith fo cuinnlein
's I cur still a grunnd an aigeil
Riof 'gha ceangal 's riof 'gha fuasgladh
Muir ma guallain fuaim is fead oirr
Null ma chaolas na rimh
B'fheudar dhuinn am bm a leaiseadh
Null ma chaolas na fraing
Maide 'na limh 's gaoth 'gha greasad
Dh'fheumadh prsan thigh'n a b'th dhith
Ged a bhiodh e cr'n an cairteal
Ged a bhiodh e cr'n an irleach
Dh'fheumadh prsan dheth thigh'n dhachaidh
Dhanfainn s'gradh leis an gcailn dubh
Tar is dom ir ar maidlin
Dheanainn s'gradh leis an gcailn dubh
Dhanfainn s'gradh leis an mbroinneal
Nuair a bheadh an pobal ina gcodladh
Dhanfainn s'gradh in am disthe
Is in am na seolta a bheith bhfilleadh
D luain tar is d domhnaigh
D'infomar le sinad as inse orc
Bhi muir ghorm ag rith faoina coincn
Is ag baint steall as grinneall na farraigemire
Crsa cheangal is crsa scaoileadh
Muir faoina gulainn, fuiam agus fead uirthi
Sall faoi chaol na rimbe
Ba gh dinn an bumaille a fhast
Sall faoi chaol na fraince
Bhi s faoi stiir agus an ghaoth tiomint
Ni raibh tad ba gh a splaghsil
Ar mo mhaighdean as a teacht abhaille
Nior mbiste firn a theatcht n siopa di
Ri d mbeadh s corin an cheathr
Fi d mbeadh s corin an t-orlach
Nior mbiste frin di a theacht abhaille"
"789" "Instrumental"
"790" "An seanchas gearr, an seanchas is fearr
An scal is giorra is milse I mbal
An chnid is l an chnid is fearr
Focal n dh m thaithnonn lig d
Fol la 'lore'
Fol la lae
Fol d da d ril la
Fol d da 
Scal gearr greanmhar n scal fada fann
Droch-scal fada n scal maith ln
Scal deas goirid an scalin is fearr
An iomarca te r, n dan port de
Chomh domhain teis an fharraige,
Dubh te gual
Chomh bodhar te bata
Chomh dubh teis a smar
Chomh gasta te giorrafhia
Chomh bocht teis an deor"
"791" "Buachaill o/n E/ireann Me/'s bhe/as faoi fe/in caili/n deas o/g,
Ni/ iarr fain bo/ spre/ le/ithe ta/ me/ fe/in saibhir go leor,
's liom corcaigh 'a/ mhe/id e/ dha/ thaobh a ghleanna 's Tir Roghain,
's mur na thiai/ me/ n' t-oidhr' are Chonthae Mhaigeo.
Buachaileacht bo/, mo Leo, nar chleacht mise ariamh,
Ach ag imirt 's ag 'ol 'le ho/gmhna/ deasa fa/ shliabh,
Ma/ chaill me/ mo sto/r ni/ do/' gur chaill me/ mo chiall,
A's ni/ mo/ liom do pho/g na/ 'n bhro/g ata/ 'n caitheamh le bliain.
A chuisle 's a sto/r na/ po/s an sean duine liath,
Ach po/s a' fein o/g, mo Leo, muir' maine se/ ach bliain,
No/ beidh tu/ go fo/oill gan o/ no/ mac os da chionn,
A shilleadh an deor tra/thno/na no/ 'n maidin go trom.
English Translation
I am a boy from Ireland and I'd coax a nice young girl,
I wouldn't ask for a dowry with her, I'm rich enough myself,
I own Cork, big as it is both sides of the glen and Tyrone,
And if I don't change my ways I'll be the heir for County Mayo.
Cow herding, my Leo, I did not never practice,
But playing and drinking with new young women by the mountain.
If I lost my wealth and I don't think I lost my sense,
And your kiss is no more to me than a show worn for a year.
My love and treasure, don't marry the old grey man,
But marry a young man, my Leo, even though he lives but a year,
Or you'll still be without a daughter or son above you,
Crying in the afternoon or in the morning hard.
By: Traditional
From: \"Magical Ring\""
"792" "This heart of mine won't keep
Or believe in the secret, like the moss on a stone
This heart of mine won't beat
It just carries itself away
These parting times won't break me
Deserted times stop running
-backwards-
Ar do chul
This form of love won't share
Or give in to a feeling with nothing to gain
No compromise in time
You're so near and yet so far
These parting times won't break me
Deserted times stop running
-backwards-
Ar do chul
And when i turn in silence found
What i say won't let you down
And when your call, outside my door
Ends the searching..."
"793" "Provided by lindsay labanca
I wish I was on yonder hill
'tis there I'd sit and cry my fill,
And every tear would turn a mill,
Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn.
Chorus (in phonetic gaelic)
Shule, shule, shule aroon,
Shule go succir agus, shule go kewn,
Shule go dheen durrus oggus aylig lume,
Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn.
I'll sell my rock, I'll sell my reel,
I'll sell my only spinning wheel,
To buy my love a sword of steel
Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn.
Chorus
I'll dye my petticoats, I'll dye them red,
And 'round the world I'll beg my bread,
Until my parents shall wish me dead,
Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn.
Chorus
I wish, I wish, I wish in vain,
I wish I had my heart again,
And vainly think I'd not complain,
Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn.
Chorus
But now my love has gone to france,
To try his fortune to advance;
If he e'er come back, 'tis but a chance,
Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn.
Chorus
Translation
Provided by lindsay labanca
Chorus:
Come, come, come, o love,
Quickly come to me, softly move;
Come to the door, and away we'll flee,
And safe for aye may my darling be!"
"794" "Take me for a walk in the morning dew honey.
Take me for a walk in the morning dew today.
You can't go walking in the morning dew, my love.
You can't go walking in the morning dew today.
Listen, I hear someone moaning on.
I know I hear a man moaning on.
You didn't hear a man moan at all.
You didn't hear a man moan at all.
I know I hear my baby crying mama.
I know I hear my daughter crying mama.
You'll never hear your baby cry again.
You'll never hear your baby cry again.
You'll never hear your baby cry again.
You'll never hear your baby cry again.
Take me for a walk in the morning dew honey.
Take me for a walk in the morning dew today.
You can't go walking in the morning dew, my love.
You can't go walking in the morning dew today.
You can't go walking in the morning dew today."
"795" "Instrumental"
"796" "When its gone and you want it so badly
A game of love is a two way street
And from above there comes inspiration
Darkest clouds will disappear
Take it down put it in your diary
Come around to the pleasant side
Put it down to another experience
Come around to the other side
Fallen words from a broken framework
Touching hearts scribbled on a street
And from above here comes inspiration
Darkest clouds will disappear
Take it down put it in your diary
Come around to the pleasant side
Put it down to another experience
Come around to the other side"
"797" "I can quote a lot of lines
That's pertinent to you and me
Life and all it's many choices
Are so funny and so mean
Deep thoughts in one's convictions
Can be someone's discontent
Just what seems isn't
If must needs the devil drives
Soul searcher what are you looking for?
Soul giver what will you settle for?
Back to the very beginning
Back to the future I don't mind
As long as philosophical people
Keep their minds alive
If we use the back pages
Of a bible of ages
If we could write it now
Well if must needs the devil drives
Soul searcher what are you looking for?
Soul giver what will you settle for?
Soul searcher what are you looking for?
Soul giver what will you settle for?
Alone searcher is owed a lot of love
Soul searcher what will you settle for?"
"798" "I came around, and I was in need
You came by my side, all my troubles to ease
You collected my heart, healing the past
You'll never lay down and I can count on you
We all speak well of a bridge that carries us over
Over safe
The art of compromise has surely been our greatest strength
...our greatest strength.
When someone pretends, to circle your friends
And finds he's betraying you 'fore it all ends
A bittersweet chain, that'll always remain
So don't let illusions get the better of you
We all speak well of a bridge that carries us over
...over safe
The art of compromise has surely been our greatest strength
...our greatest strength.Love is to share, where words can't compare
Love is desire, so full of fire
We all speak well of a bridge that carries us over
...over safe
The art of compromise has surely been our greatest strength
...our greatest strength.
We all speak well of a bridge that carries us over
...over safe
The art of compromise has surely been our greatest strength
...our greatest strength."
"799" "T sciln na 'gam le h-insint dibhse,
Crsa spirt agus comhr d,
ll bre gleoite do chuireas I mo phca,
's ni bhfuaras romham ach prtn sl.
Curfa
 mo thuirse mar shileann mo shile,
Indiadh an ll ud a bh bra bu,
An ig-bhean uasal bh t'reis  thabhairt domh,
's do thabhairfinn pnt ar  bhlaiseadh ars.
Do shilais clire agus carraig aonair,
Cuanta bara bhi romham sa tsl,
Puinte na ngrige 'gus na ndorsa maola,
An fhiach 's an lao taobh amuigh de bhaoi.
Curfa
Do shilais cualach mar a bhos buartha
An pharoiste thuaidh a 's na hadhra,
San oilen muarseadh d'inis dom buachaill
Nach bhfilghinn a thuairisc go dtinn thar snaidhm.
Curfa
Do shiilos cobh agus baile na mna,
Cathair tn time 'gus inis seircn,
Soir ar a chsta sea d'inis domh strinse,
Go rabh s 'na sheo acu ar srid nidin.
Curfa"
"800" "By chance it was I met my love
It did me much surprise
Down by a shady myrtle grove
Just as the sun did rise.
The birds they sang right gloriously
And pleasent was the air
And there was non save she and i
Among the flowers fair.
In dewy grass and green we walked
She timid was and coy
How can'st thou choose but pity me
My pretty pearl, my joy
How comes it that thou stroll this way?
Sweet maiden tell me true
Before bright phoebus' glittering ray
Has supped the morning dew?
I go to tend the flocks I love
The ewes and tender lambs
That pasture by the myrtle grove
That gambol by their dams
There I enjoy a pure content
At dawning of the day
Then, hand in hand, we lovers went
To see the flock at play.
And as we wended down the road
I said to her, \"sweet maid,
Three years I in my place abode
And three more must be stayed
The three that I am bound so fast
O fairest wait for me
And when the weary years are past
Then wedded we will be.\""
"801" "Instrumental"
"802" "Ar chonnlaigh ghlais an Fhoghmhair
A stirn gur dhearc m uaim
Ba deas do chos i mbrig
'Sba r-dheas do leagan siubhail
Do ghruaidh ar dhath na rsa
'Sdo chirnn bh fighte dlith
Monuar gan sinn 'r bpsadh
N'r brd luinge 'triall 'un siubhail
T buachaill na h-ite seo
A' gartha 'gus ag irghe teann
Is lucht na gcochn rd
A' denamh fruis do mo chailn donn
D ngluaiseadh R na Spinne
Thar sile 's a shlighte cruinn
Bhrighfinn far is fsach
'S bhinn ar limh le mo chailn donn
Ceannacht buaibh ar aontaigh'
D mbnn agus mo chailn donn
Gluais is tar a chad-searc
N go dtidh muid thar Ghaoth-Bearra 'nonn
Go sgartar  n-a chile
Brr na gcraobh 's an eala n tuinn
N sgarfar sin  chile
'S nl ach baois dbh  chur 'n mur gcionn
Chuir m leitir scrobhtha
Annsoir mo sweetheart agus casaoid ghar
Chuir s chugam ars 
Go rabh a croidhe istuigh i lr mo chlibh
Cum na h-eala is mne
N'n soda 's n cluimh na n-an
Nach trom an osna ghnm-se
Nuair a smaoitighim ar a bheith 'sgaradh li"
"803" "Seo mo mhallacht ar na mn,
's iad a mhearaigh m 'gus rinne mo chr,
Thit m I dts mo shaoil I ngr le spirbhe,an lainn g
Is mheall s lena glortha m.
's  bh sochma laghach gan bhrid,
's  ba mheallacha 's ba mhilse pg,
Bh s criil greannmhar cir 's n brag a bhfuil m 'r,
Gur mheall s lena glortha m.
Shl m nach raibh duine bocht ar mo dhream,
Nach raibh sa tsaol seo ach sprt is greann,
Ach faraoir t m fgtha anois go fann, modhobhrn bhoct liom fin,
 mheall s lena glortha m.
Is ioma oiche fhada fhuar,
A chaith m 'suir leithe chois na gcruach,
Is a 'teacht 'na 'bhaile ars gan ghruaim le bodhrnacht a' lae,
Nuair a mheall s lena glortha m.
Thg s a seotla I bhfad ar shil,
Is d'fhg s mise a' sileadh na sul,
Nar chuma liom d mbnn a' dil, lena feicail ars nos m,
Och, mheall s lena glortha m.
Nach doiligh domhsa theacht frd a' tsaol,
O d'elaigh an ainnir d a chrigh mo chro,
Is d'fhg s mise lag gan bhr 'o mo chaitheamh 's 'o mo chlo,
 mheall s lena glortha m.
Ach d bhfighinn-sa an saol seo ar mo mhian,
Scal cinnte go mbeimis g a choch',
N chuirfin-se lmh na cloige ars
Go dt an t-am arbh fhi bheith beo
Nuair a mheall s lena glortha m."
"804" "Instrumental"
"805" "Is cosil gur mheath t n gur thrig t an greann,
T sneachta ga freasach f bhal na mbeann',
Do chl bu daite 's do bhiln smh,
Siud chugaibh mary chinidh 's ndiaidh an irne 'shnmh
A mhithrn dhlis, dirt mire bhn,
F bhruach an chladaigh 's f bhal na tr
Maighden mhara, mo mhithrn ard,
Siud chugaibh mary chinidh 's ndiaidh an irne 'shnmh
T mise tuirseach agus beidh ga l
Mo mhire bhroinngheal 's mo phdraig bn
Ar bharr na dtonna 's f bhal na tr
Siud chugaibh mary chinidh 's ndiaidh an irne 'shnmh"
"806" "With the sunlight through
Departed into darkness
I need someone too
A fantasy and you
Now is here
Here is now
Nah-na-na-nah-nah
You inspire
Me somehow
Nah-na-na-nah-nah
With the words like air
A destiny we shared
Is a dream come true
A fantasy and you
Now is here
Here is now
Nah-na-na-nah-nah
You inspire
Me somehow
Nah-na-na-nah-nah"
"807" "Can't you feel the changed in a different way
When you listen?
Like standing in the cold on a rainy day
It didn't really matter
It was just a shame on another day
You know we kept on missing
So try and try again
No it's not in vain
You live and you learn
Heard the voice
Now do it your own way
You live and learn
It's what you have to say you just say anyway
Only space that matters
Taking in the rays
Holding out the pain
So you live and you learn
Take that choice
To have it your own way
So you live and learn"
"808" "Instrumental"
"809" "Rising early out of bed
Across the fields I steered O
When O and I a woman I spied
And a pretty fair maid appeared O.
Her head was bare I do declare
She had neither hat nor feather on
And she stopped so low gave me to know
It was mushrooms she was gathering O.
O gathering O
And she stopped so low gave me to know
It was mushrooms she was gathering O.
Where are you going says my dear
Why are you up so early O
I've seen you on the dewy grass
Before the sower Ferdio.
Quite modestly she answered me
And she said I gathering mushrooms
To make my Mammy ketchup O.
O ketchup O
And she said I am gathering mushrooms
To make my Mammy ketchup O.
Her parting breast on mine she pressed
Her heart was like a feather O
And her lips on mine do gentle join
And we both sat down together O.
Together O
And her lips on mine do gentle join
And we both sat down together O."
"810" "Came into a dream in the night
When all the world was sleeping so tight
A treasure in store, perilous moments
Knowing their love was so true
A help from their friends, brave and so daring
Angel, soldier, in the night
Dreams can be so real and so true
They come alive for me and for you
Daring for love, wrestling the moment
Danger surrounds, so blue
Weather the storm, brighter horizons
Angel, soldier, in the night
Deep as the ocean
As high as the sky above
Clouds passing by
When love will find its way
Into your heart
Come into a dream in the night
When all the world was sleeping so tight
A treasure in store, perilous moments
Knowing their love was so true
A help from their friends, brave and so daring
Angel, soldier, in the night"
"811" "I find my way
Night and day
I am the hunter
The hunter
Twenty years
I've waited here
I am the hunter
The hunter"
"812" "Like mighty ships that sail Atlantic foam
The skellig isles parade the kerry coast
It's a strange place
With a needle's eye
Where shipwrecks lie
Where the king of the world
Rested for a while
And a place for the pilgrim
A sanctuary of time
Fourteen steps to nowhere
Out of solid stone
Don't lead us to the heavens
Or lead us to the sea
The vikings came to plunder and destroy
But to this day the holy relics stand
In a blind mans cove
Where the wailing woman sighs
And the seagulls cry
Where the king of the world
Rested for a while
And a place for the pilgrim
A sanctuary of time
Fourteen steps to nowhere
Out of solid stone
Don't lead us to the heavens
Or lead us to the sea
A journey to these islands so rare
The sound of screaming souls that fill the air
A thousand wings
Against the sky
And grey seal's disguised
Where the king of the world
Rested for a while
And a place for the pilgrim
A sanctuary of time
Fourteen steps to nowhere
Out of solid stone
Don't lead us to the heavens
Or lead us to the sea"
"813" "Instrumental"
"814" "Instrumental"
"815" "Like mighty ships that sail the Atlantic foam
The Skellig Isles parade the Kerry Coast
It's a strange place with the needle's eye
Where shipwrecks lie
Where the king of the world rested for a while
And a place for the pilgrim, a sanctuary of time
Fourteen steps to nowhere, out of solid stone
Don't lead us to the Heavens or lead us to the sea
The Vikings came to plunder and destroy
But to this day the holy relics stand
In a blind mans cove, where the wailing woman sigh
And the seagulls cry
Where the king of the world rested for a while
And a place for the pilgrim, a sanctuary of time
Fourteen steps to nowhere, out of solid stone
Don't lead us to the Heavens or lead us to the sea
A journey to these islands, so rare
The sound of screaming souls that fill the air
A thousand wings, against the sky
And gray seals disguised
Where the king of the world rested for a while
And a place for the pilgrim, a sanctuary of time
Fourteen steps to nowhere, out of solid stone
Don't lead us to the Heavens or lead us to the sea"
"816" "Ar a ghabhil 'n a 'chuain damh 's m bh go huaibhreach
Tinn lag buartha I'm intinn,
Bhi me feachaint uaim ar an speir aduaidh
's  al uaim 'na trealtai.
Ach faraoir gar gar 's m an ceann gan chill
Nor ghlac m comhairle mo mhithrin fin,
's gur dhirt s liom frd chomr ghrinn
Go beal-ath-hamhnais 's n triall ann.
Ach ba mhn a thug m gr do mo chailn bn
An l bre I gcl an gharra,
's do bhiln blth mar chr na tr
's do ghruann chomh dearg leis na caorthainn.
Chuir m lmh ar an chuan, 's bh mo chro ln gruaim
Ag ceilir caoin na n-anlaith,
's nach trua gan mise ag al leat
Faoi rpa 's seolta seidte.
Or, a chuid 's a rn d ngluaisfe ar sil
Go tr na long as irinn,
Nl tuirse cro n tinneas cinn
Nach leighisf ann gan amhras.
N ba t mo rogha innui is inn
Agus coinnivh agat fin n bhs m,
N gan ghrsta d n mhairfitdh m
Ar an tsrid seo I mbal-ath-hamhnais."
"817" "Try to tell a knight in gold
(Hard to tell your point of view)
He's to blame
A promise made, a dream of hope
(Know exactly what to do)
It's all the same
In this strange land
This strange land
Set within the other side
(Everything is on my side)
My Lionheart
Death and danger is defied
(Death and danger is defied)
My lover in light
In this strange land
This strange land"
"818" "T gealach na gconnlach ag ir sa spir
's grian bhu an fhmhair ag tomadh sa weir
T na beachga 'dranndin sa tsean duillir donn
T gaoth barra na g'coillte, gaoth barra na d'tonn
T na ba ga geimn 'nuas mhall chr l?
Sna caoirigh ag meidhl le druidim na hoich'
T geal ghir na sruthan fn screagach anonn
T gaoth barra na g'coillte, gaoth barra na d'tonn
Ina sruth uisce cheolmhar t na bradin a'sceith
's thart fa na himill t an fhuiseog a breith
Tig na hanlaith na scaoth ann, an druideog san lon
Mar t diden gan doicheall f gaoth barra na d'tonn
's gmse pdraig agus naomh chonaill caol
Nach n-iarraim aon fhlairheas I ndeireadh mo shaoil
Ach m'anam bheith seoladh f'n duillir donn
T ag fs fa do chlada, a gaoth barra na d'tonn"
"819" "Instrumental"
"820" "I can quote a lot of lines
That's pertinent to you and me
Life and all it's many choices
Are so funny and so mean
Deep thoughts in one's convictions
Can be someones discontent
Just what it seems isn't
If must needs the devil drives
Soul searcher what are you looking for
Soul giver what will you settle for
Back to the very beginning
Back to the future I don't mind
As long as philosophical people
Keep their minds alive
Could we use the back pages
Of a Bible of ages
If you could write it now
Well if needs must the devil drives
Soul searcher what are you looking for
Soul giver what will you settle for
Soul searcher what are you looking for
Soul giver what will you settle for
Alone searcher is owed a lot of love
Soul searcher what will you settle for"
"821" "Instrumental"
"822" "Instrumental"
"823" "Nuair a gheobhas m bs na cuirig laoi fhd m,
Tabhair go t 'n leanna m 'gus cirig ar brd m,
An it a mbidh m 'g isteacht le na muganna d mbualadh,
Is gur binne liom naoi n-uaire  na ceol binn na cuaiche -
'gus lontar dinn an criscn agus bodh s ln.
T cailn ar an bhaile seo agus t s lch aereach,
T s lch geanamhail 'gus loinnir ar a hadn;
Mac-a-samhail chan fhaca m I mbaile n I n-thrach,
Ach an pamhsa neill bhi ar thoin na loing a lathadh
'gus lontar dinn an criscn agus bodh s ln.
An dtiochfaidh t, n 'n bhfanfaidh t, n 'n dtiocfaidh t a dhmhnaill,
An dtiochfaidh t n 'n bhfanfaidh t, n 'bhfil d dhthan lta?
Tiocfaidh m 's n fhtanfaidh m, is t mo dhthan lta,
Is beidh an cailn deas agam m glacann s mo comhairle
'gus lontar dinn an criscn agus bodh s ln.
Is deas a' baile an baile seo, is deas an baile cnimhs,
Is deise an baile an baile seo na baile ar bith 'san it seo,
T siad congar aifrinn ann muilinn agus ceardchan,
's na mhanar do 'n mhnaoi ig beadh na cna ann ach rithe
Is lontar dinn an criscn is bidh s ln."
"824" "[from gerard manning's list of clannad lyrics]
I.
Are chonnlaigh ghlais an fhoghmhair
A stirn gur dhearc m uaim
Ba deas do chos I mbrig
'sba r-dheas do leagan siubhail.
Do ghruaidh are dhath na rsa
'sdo chirnn bh fighte dlith
Monuar gan sinn 'r bpsadh
N'are brd luinge 'triall 'un siubhail.
Ii.
T buachaill na h-ite seo
A' gartha 'gus ag irghe teann
Is lucht na gcochn rd
A' denamh fruis do mo chailn donn
D ngluaiseadh r na spinne
Thar sile 's a shlighte cruinn
Bhrighfinn far is fsach
's bhinn are limh le mo chailn donn.
Iii.
Ceannacht buaibh are aontaigh'
D mbnn agus mo chailn donn
Gluais is tar a chad-searc
N go dtidh muid thar ghaoth-bearra 'nonn
Go sgartar  n-a chile
Brr na gcraobh 's an eala n tuinn
N sgarfar sin  chile
's nl ach baois dbh  chur 'n mur gcionn.
Iv.
Chuir m leitir scrobhtha
Annsoir mo sweetheart agus casaoid ghar
Chuir s chugam ars 
Go rabh a croidhe istuigh I lr mo chlibh.
Cum na h-eala is mne
N'n soda 's n cluimh na n-an
Nach trom an osna ghnm-se
Nuair a smaoitighim are a bheith 'sgaradh li.
V.
's chuala m/e d domhnaigh
Mar chmhrdh 'gabhil eadar mhnibh
Go rabh s 'gabhil 'a psadh
Are igfhear d bhfuil san it.
A stirn glac mo chomhairle
's a' foghmhar seo fan mar t
's cha leigim le 'bhfuil beo th
A str n 's t mo ghrdh.
Translation
[from larry keith ogle]
On the green stubble-fields of autumn
I saw you, my sweetheart.
Nice were your feet in shoes
And wonderful your nimble gait.
Your hair the color of roses
And your ringlets tightly plaited
Alas that we're not married
Or on board ship sailing away
The boys around here are
Laughing and getting bold
And the people of the high straw?
Are making ? ? of my brown girl
If the king of spain would
Go abroad with his assembled men
I would flatten grass and rank grass
And I would be with my brown girl
Buying cows at the fair
If I were ? and my brown girl
Go and come first love
Until we go over to gaoth-bearra
Until we separate from each other
The tops of the branches and the swan
From the waves ?
That won't separate us
And it's only folly for you to put it ? ?
I wrote a letter
To my sweetheart and a sharp complaint
She sent it back to me
That her heart was inside me.
Compose the artsswannoble person ?
Finer than silk or bird feathers
Heavy is my sigh
When I think of being apart from her.
What I heard on Sunday
As conversation among the women
That she was going to be married
To a young man from the place.
Sweetheart take my advice
And this autumn stay as you are
And don't tell anyone, my love,
That you are my love."
"825" "The mist has cleared from Muckish Hill
Our parting coming nearer
The last embrace, the final touch
With nothing more to say
Nothing more to say
As silence fell around the bridge
Not a single word was spoken
A bitter breeze, a lonely stream
Echoed through the Glen
Echoed through the Glen
Droichead na ndeor
Agus droichead na gcaointe
Droichead na gcaointe
Agus droichead na ndeor
Memories fade with passing age
In forlorn hope we wait for
Distant hills still haunt us now
Until the end of time
Until the end of time
Droichead na ndeor
Agus droichead na gcaointe
Droichead na gcaointe
Agus droichead na ndeor
Droichead na ndeor
Agus droichead na gcaointe
Droichead na gcaointe
Agus droichead na ndeor"
"826" "'Tis the last rose of summer
Left blooming alone.
All her lovely companions
Are faded and gone.
No flowerer of her kindred
No rosebud is nigh
To reflect back her blushes
Or give sigh for sigh.
I'll not leave thee thou lone one
To pine on the stem
Since the lovely are sleeping
Go sleep thou with them;
Thus kindly I scatter
Thy leaves o'er the bed
Where thy mates of the garden
Lie scentless and dead.
So soon may I follow
When friendships decay
And from loves' shining circle
The gems drop away!
When true hearts lie withered
And fond ones are flown
Oh! Who would inhabit
This bleak world alone?"
"827" "At length did cross an albatross
Through the fog it came
As if it had been a Christian soul
We hailed it in God's name
It ate the food it ne'er had eat
And 'round and 'round it flew
The ice did split with a thunder fit
The helmsman steered us through
And a good south wind sprang up behind
The albatross did follow
And everyday for food or play
Came to the mariners' hollow"
"828" "Chuaig m 'na rosann ar cuairt
Gur bhreathnaigh me uaim an speir
Is thart f na holeain thuaidh
Mar eiht agus cu 'na diaidh
Se dearfadh gach duine fan chuan
O tharla m nuas fn cheidh
\"nach maith a aithnim ar do ghruaim
Gur fear th 'bhfuil an toir 'na dhiaidh\"
Casadh dom an ainnir dheas g
Ach m casadh 'si a labhair go gar
\"ms fear th a bhaineas do mhnaio ig
Cha mholaim r-mhr do thrade
Chonaic m fear ar thir mr
Is e ag siul gan bhrg inn
Is digh liom gur thusa an fear g
Is go bhfuil ort an tir 'do dhaigh\"
Thit muid a dtuirse is I mbrn
Is d'fhiafraigh m den igbhean chaoin
\"c bhfuigheas muid gloine le h-l
A thgfadh an brn dar gcroi? \"
\"ta teach beag ar leath-taobh an rd
Is coinnionn s I gcna braon
Gabh thusa, agus buail at an mbord
Is n dholfaidh do phca a'n phingin\"
Cha rabh mise I bhfad ag gabhil cheoil
Gur chruinnigh go leor 'un toigh ()
Achan fhear is a ghloine ina dhom
Le comhmradh a thabhairt don dis
Bhi biotilte fairsing go leor
Cha rabh beagn l sa tir
Is d dtarraingeoinnse glun u dhomhnaill
B'fhurst' mo scor a dhrol
Tharla m isteach I dtoigh-an-il
Agus b'fhaiteach go lear m le su
Ar eagla go dtiochfadh an tir
Is go mbainfi an ighean diom
Nuair a fuair muid gach ni mar ba chir
Agus mheas me gur chir dom sui
S duirt si \"bi thusa ag gabhil cheoil
Is n dholfaidh do phca a'n phingin\"
Nuair a lig muid dinn tuirse le brn
S d'fhiafraigh an igbhean diom
\"c mbionn t 'do chna sa l
Nuair nach gcoinnionn t cr doit fin? \"
\"bimse seal 'dtoigh-an-il
Cha deanaimse ln den phingin
An mid ud a shaothraim sa l
A chaitheamh le sprt san oiche\""
"829" "Hope is your survival
A captive path I lead
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a long long time
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a thousand years
Nachgochema
Anetaha
Anachemowagan
No matter where you go
I will find you
In the place with no frontiers
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a thousand years
Hale w yu ga I sv
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga ga I sv
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga ga I sv
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga ga I sv
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
Hale w yu ga
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a long long time
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a thousand years
No matter where you go
I will find you
In the place with no frontiers
No matter where you go
I will find you
If it takes a thousand years
No matter where you go
I will find you"
"830" "Mo bheannacht le na buachaill a dimigh uain thar sile,
Ach dfg siad culaith dheas orm le dhul amach de domhnaigh,
Cta mr go talamh agus bheiste den tsoda lidir,
Brste bh san fhaisean agus brga de'n leathar spainneach.
Curfa
Or na buachaill, na buachaill bh lainn,
Or na buachaill, na buachaill bh lainn.
Nuair a tchmsa an fharraige garbh  s mo chro bos crite,
Ag saoineadh are na buachaill mar bhonn siad ins na bda,
Ach gum-sa r na naingeal s shorcios na plinid,
's go dtuga s sln na buachaill are chontirt a bheith bite.
Curfa
Fuair m litir as albain 's n raibh s in mo shsamh,
Gur psadh na buachaill are chailn na h-ite,
Ach n nr mhaith linn acu iad d mbeadh siad inar ssamh,
Ach cailn na n-oilan 's iad an dream a bhfearr linn.
Curfa"
"831" "There I go saying the same old things
Something to rhyme or to cling to
When times were tough, I didn't say enough
Like some sweet lines to say to you, relate to you
[Chorus]
What will I do without you?
What will I do? Heaven knows
What will I do without you?
What will I do?
We watch the seasons come and go
Leaves are falling as water flows
We took for granted the love that's wanted
A leaning shoulder to cry on
[Chorus]
I don't know, I don't know
Every day my heart will stray
And dream of the memories we left behind
Love is a reason, a reason to live
So don't let it slip away
[Chorus]
What will I do without you?
What will I do?
I don't know, I don't know"
"832" ""
"833" ""
"834" ""
"835" "I had a little nut tree nothing would it bare
But a silver nutmeg and a golden pear
The king of spains daughter came to visit me
And all for the sake of my little nut tree
I had a little nut tree nothing would it bare
But a silver nutmeg and a golden pear
I skipped over the water
I danced on the sea
And all the birds in the air couldn't catch me"
"836" ""
"837" ""
"838" ""
"839" ""
"840" ""
"841" ""
"842" ""
"843" ""
"844" ""
"845" ""
"846" ""
"847" "Why, do you like me?
I'm not funny
I don't have money
Why, do you love me?
Say i'm pretty
I don't need your pity
Oh how is it that you don't see all the lovely things
The things that I see
Won't you let me be the one to show you what I mean
The things that I see
Why, do I miss you?
When you're away
So far away
Oh, how I get lonesome
When i'm without you
There's something about you
Oh how is it that you don't see all the lovely things
The things that I see
Won't you let me be the one to show you what I mean
The things that I see
But don't you know
I'm crazy, i'm crazy
Don't you know
I'm crazy, crazy for you
Crazy for you. Crazy for you-oooh-ooh.
Ohhhhhhh. Ohhh.
You, you make it easy
For someone crazy
To love you like I do
If it's true
Would you say maybe
Yeah maybe
You will see I love you too
Oh how is it that you don't see all the lovely things
The things that I see
Won't you let me be the one to show you what I mean
The things that I see"
"848" "I ken a lass she has nae name*
Nor hame that she will own to
She traivels lighter than the swan
That builds its nest on Lochan Dhu
[Chorus:]
It's will ye bundle and will ye go
And are ye awa tae leave me
It's will ye bundle and will ye go
Or up the Shian wi me
Let Inverara folk look doon
She's sunshine tae the Shira
And gans mair braw in her apron
Than they in aa their gear
Her hands sae rough wi weary work
The mair her face entrances
As whiter blooms the April thorn
Upon it's blackened branches
The flooer that twines in yon broon hedge
Grows sweet for the wayfarer
But I wouldna gie my traiveller's joy
For the rose o Inverara
Wi doon cast eyes she'll pass us by
Withoot a word for ony
Just like the little mountain road
As bleek and dour and bonny
I ken a lass she has nae hairt
Ayeways awa tae leave us
She's gane aa through the mountain range
Nae mair she says she'll see us"
"849" ""
"850" ""
"851" ""
"852" ""
"853" ""
"854" ""
"855" ""
"856" ""
"857" ""
"858" ""
"859" ""
"860" ""
"861" ""
"862" ""
"863" ""
"864" ""
"865" ""
"866" ""
"867" ""
"868" ""
"869" ""
"870" ""
"871" "'CrowneVict - Falling'
2005 - A Method To Feel Alive
Please I feel so alive,
Forgot all thats in your eyes,
It's enough to be just unforgiving canned emotion,
Look at these things that you've said and done,
Look at all thats in your heart,
But is it enough to feel just like always (surely)
Feel as you know (feel as you know) tonight - we could be,
And its alright falling into this world for a while,
Seems like we should go (seems like we should go) tonight - we should be, New lifes so risky,
Just like to leave this all behind
It's easy to deny - to allow ourselves to fly,
Words wont let you heal because of me go find it's broken,
Look at these things that you've said and done,
Look at all thats in your heart,
Time wont make this heal,
Just like always (surely)
Feel as you know (feel as you know) tonight - we could be,
And its alright falling into this world for a while,
Seems like we should go (seems like we should go) tonight - we should be,
New lifes so risky,
Just like to leave this all behind
(Short instrumental)
Theres nothing quite like the way we always end up back where
- we begin,
Theres something that spirals so far away,
I need to just let these pictures fall away,
(Is there anything in me),
Why am I feeling this way? (I cannot..)
Feel as you know (feel as you know) tonight - we could be,
And its alright falling into this world for a while,
Seems like we should go (seems like we should go) tonight - we should be,
New lifes so risky,
Just like to leave this all behind"
"872" "La huasteca esta de luto
Se murio su huapanguero
Ya no se oye aquel falsete
Que es el alma del trovero
Rogaciano se llamaba
Rogaciano el huapanguero
Eran sones de la sierra
Las canciones del trovero
La azucena y la cecilia
Lloran, lloran sin consuelo
Malaguea salerosa
Ya se fue su pregonero
En los verdes cafetales
Ms all de aquel potrero
Alguien dice que de noche
Se aparece el huapanguero
Rogaciano se llamaba
Rogaciano el huapanguero
Eran sones de la sierra
Las canciones del trovero
La azucena y la cecilia
Lloran lloran sin consuelo
Malaguea salerosa
Ya se fue su pregonero"
"873" ""
"874" ""
"875" ""
"876" ""
"877" ""
"878" ""
"879" ""
"880" ""
"881" ""
"882" ""
"883" ""
"884" "Todos me dicen el negro, llorona
Negro pero carioso
Todos me dicen el negro, llorona
Negro pero carioso
Yo soy como el chile verde, llorona
Picante pero sabroso
Yo soy como el chile verde, llorona
Picante pero sabroso
Ay de m, llorona
Llorona, t eres mi chunca
Ay de m, llorona
Llorona, t eres mi chunca
Me quitarn de quererte, llorona
pero de olvidarte nunca
Salas del templo un da, llorona
Cuando al pasar yo te v
Salas del templo un da, llorona
Cuando al pasar yo te v
Hermoso huipil llevabas, llorona
Que la virgen te cre
Hermoso hipil llevabas, llorona
Que la virgen te cre
Si porque te quiero quieres, llorona
Quieres que te quieres ms
Si porque te quiero quieres, llorona
Quieres que te quieres ms
Si ya te he dado la vida, llorona
Qu mas quieres?
Quieres ms?
Si porque te quiero quieres, llorona
Quieres que te quiera ms
Si porque te quiero quieres, llorona
Quieres que te quiera ms
Si ya te he dado la vida, llorona
Qu ms quieres?
Quieres ms?"
"885" "We got married in a Wal-Mart
down by the Wrangler Jeep
Ima dress my baby like a vampire
next week on Halloween
Got a lot of things down at the Wal-Mart
things like trampoline
I got me some whiskey and some diapers
for my darlin' Lucy Jean
Yes I'm a ballerina, ballerina, ballerina on the lam.
Yes I'm a ballerina, ballerina, ballerina on the lam.
We got married in a Wal-Mart
down by the franks n beans
Killed a guy in Texas, stole my grandma's Hyundai
now my face is on a magazine.
Makin love and then we're makin bacon
just wipe down the Foreman grill
Look at that Bocephus over yonder
that's where your pappy was killed.
Yes I'm a ballerina, ballerina, ballerina on the lam.
Yes I'm a ballerina, ballerina, ballerina on the lam.
Ballet dancer on the tippy toe
Ballet dancer on the tippy toe
I sent my kids to school down at the Wal-Mart
it's kinda like a private school
Babies said her favorite class is recess
Lucy Jean just pees the kiddie pool
Was born at this Wal-Mart and I'll die here
It sits on an old Injun ground
The best maize on the cob in the tri-county
this Wal-Mart's proud to say it can be found.
Yes I'm a ballerina, ballerina, ballerina on the lam.
Yes I'm a ballerina, ballerina, ballerina on the lam.
Well now you done tried to catch me
It ain't worth it to fetch me
C'mon and be my lovin' man
Well I been tryin' to reach ya
The time will just eat ya
I best be doin' what I can
Yes I'm a ballerina, ballerina, ballerina on the lam.
Yes I'm a ballerina, ballerina, ballerina on the lam.
Yes I'm a
Ballerina!
Well I'm a
Ballerina!
Yes I'm a
Ballerina!
Ballerina! (repeat until the end)"
"886" "Was this year just a test?
Something came and something went
From where I was to where I am
I know that I won't let you down
And I'll take all the blame
What are you waiting for?
It's been right here all along
So open your hands and grasp it
I've made a horrible mistake
I got the message too late
And i knew it all along
Yet i let it come undone
I hate that we aren't watching the stars
Fall from the sky tonight
What are you waiting for?
It's been right here all along
So open your hands and grasp it
You said you never want to do it again
But then i see you coming back around
This broken parachute is holding out
So cut the cord and let me hit the ground
For just a moment everything made sense
What are you waiting for?
It's been right here all along
So open your hands and grasp it"
"887" "Someday I won't need this crutch that carries me
And I'll be so complete but these thoughts weigh me down
Cripple my hopes and dreams, please just leave me be
No stay and watch me beg and plead
Tell me what you need, tell me everything
Am I only the air when you need to breathe?
Save me from this long night alone and let me start again
For when I wake up and see you lying next to me
I'm blessed with a cure or a scent that never really fades
It's a vicious cycle, it spins
An eye for an eye, not of the beholder it was in
But things only get worse and I only meant well
At least I thought I did
Am I only the air when you need to breathe?
Am I only a window when you, when you need to see?
It never really fades, it never really fades away
When all you know is nothing at all
And the strings that hold you are bursting undone
You can't pretend that it's right when it's completely wrong
It's wrong
Save me from this long night alone and let me start again
For when I wake up and see you lying next to me
I'm blessed with a cure or a scent that never really fades
I'd hoped it never come to this
A simple slap on the wrist surely would suffice enough
And take me back to the start"
"888" "The dust and debris collapsed to the oceans and the seas
It flashed and erupted, the gods crippled with laughter
And i was powerless to pretend that i wasn't in control
Of all the cities that glittered this was the city that glowed
How could you choose water over wine?
When there's so much to spare
Save your breath tonight's not done with you yet
You can't understand the depths until all you know becomes unknown
Who are we if not the walls that surround us?
Nothing is ever safe, nothing is ever clear
Who are we if not the skin that binds to our bones?
Nothing is ever safe, nothing is ever clear
Cue the sun, the siege has passed, the tide has spoken and his words fall fast
Will I ever learn before I wash ashore
Or is this a scar that I've grown to adore
Who are we if not the walls that surround us?
Nothing is ever safe, nothing is ever clear
Who are we if not the skin that binds to our bones?
Nothing is ever safe, nothing is ever clear
You can't resent the road that gave you something to lose
We're just the sum of the paths that we came through
So hold your breath like it's everything you have
Let it divulge and digest cause it's running out too fast
It's like floating on an open door or watching waves from underwater
So let's pretend that we, let's pretend that we understand the depths
Of what's buried in our chests
What we've evolved to hide behind the sternum or is it pride?
It's a power you can't ignore, spend a lifetime searching for
But will we ever know?"
"889" "Can't you see what I've done to you
You're hopelessly, endlessly intoxicated by this aerial view
You know this isn't what i want but the spark of life i see in you
Then ignites in me and takes me away to a better place
It's all partly consequent
Medicate in self defence
Gone again in a matter of breaths
It's all in my head
And then I'm laid back down again
And the lights begin to bend
Hear the whisper in my hear
It's all in my head
Don't you say I'm totally indifferent to either or either way
I've tried to say, communicate your holy words but they came to late
Can't you see what you've done to me
I'm hopelessly, endlessly intoxicated by this reality
It's in my head
Would you say, you don't see me
Would you say, you don't need me
In the end let's pretend all I did was make it easy
But suddenly I'm awake
Suddenly, suddenly I'm awake, I'm awake"
"890" "This kingdom comes at a price
And we've overpaid with goodbyes
Buyer beware if we've gained your trust
Attention brings out the best and worst in
Your attention brings out the best and worst in us
It's like a wedding and a funeral on the same day
We're singing songs that we've written at our own wake
It's like we're waiting for a mountain to fade
We're falling back, back into our old ways
You know who I am, I know you are
An atom bomb, a dying star
So here's one for all of you
Here's one for everything we didn't do
Too old to die young
Too close not to see this through
So here's one for all of you
How can you know what you want?
But not what to do
How can you live a life that wasn't meant for you?
So here's one for all of you
Here's one for everything we didn't do
Too old to die young
Too close not to see this through
So here's one for all of you"
"891" "\"Cornflower Blue\"
-Eric Bogle
Cornflower blue, bloomin' in the mornin' sun
Tiny flowers that grew, from when our love had just begun
Long ago we planted, each dry and dusty row
how long has it taken, for the seeds of love to grow?
Cornflower blue...
Cornflower blue, like the faded shirt you wore
Standing in the shadows, when I opened up the door
The smile in your eyes, when you said hello
Held me so tenderly, and you would not let me go
Cornflower blue...
Cornflower blue, deeper than the evenin' sky
peaceful as a river, bluer than goodbye
Blue like a diamond, when the light shines true
If love came in colors, then I'd choose this one for you
Cornflower blue...
Cornflower blue..."
"892" "\"Plastic Paddy\"
-Eric Bogle
Hup! dee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee dah
Hup! dee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee dah
Hup! dee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee dah
Hup! dee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee dah
Hup! dee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee diddle-ee dah
He's just a Plastic Paddy, singin' Plastic Paddy songs
In a Plastic Paddy pub that they call The Blarny Stone
There's plastic shamrocks everywhere, there's Guinness and green beer
And a sign in gaelic above the bar which says \"God Bless All Here\"
His guitar sounds like a wardrobe, and it's out of tune at that
His singin' voice it ranges from a sharp to a flat
He's just desecrated \"The Holy Ground\", ripped apart \"Black Velvet Band\"
Sang some nights drunk and now he's sunk \"The Irish Rover\" with all hands
'Cause he's just a Plastic Paddy, singin' Plastic Paddy songs
In a Plastic Paddy pub that they call The Blarny Stone
The publican's a proddy Scot by the name of McIntyre
Who does not allow collections for the men behind the wire
He's done awful things to \"Molly Malone\" and \"The Farrows of Tralee\"
He's murdered \"Carach Fergus\" and poor old \"Mother Machree\"
He's just thrashed his way through \"Galway Bay\" and \"The Wild Irish Rose\"
And if he starts singing \"Danny Boy\", I'm gonna punch him in the nose!
He's just a Plastic Paddy, singin' Plastic Paddy songs
In a Plastic Paddy pub that they call The Blarny Stone
There's Aer Lingus posters everywhere showing pretty Irish scenes
All peaceful and idyllic, and very bloody green!
\"When Irish Eyes are Smiling\" and \"The Mountains of Mourne\"
In a central Celtic chich, the man has left no stone unturned
'Til he embarks upon the harp that once through terraced halls
Accompanying himself on the Bodhrn, which takes a lot of courage
'Cause he's just a Plastic Paddy, singin' Plastic Paddy songs
In a Plastic Paddy pub that they call The Blarny Stone
Now he's just sung in his mother tongue, \"The Ancient Irish Curse\"
And cleared the pub completely by the forty-second verse!
'Cause he's just a Plastic Paddy, singin' Plastic Paddy songs
He's started singin' \"Danny Boy\", so it's time that I was gone
And just one thought comes to my mind, as I stagger through the door
Where are you when we need you, Christy Moore?
Where are you when we need you, Christy Moore?
*************
Note: Christy Moore is a popular folk singer in the UK and Europe, but probably not well known in the US."
"893" "\"Welcome Home\"
-Eric Bogle
Now when the boys came home, Annie cried and Annie cheered
She'd been on her own for a long and lonely year
Living for his letters from far away Vietnam
And dreading the official telegram
So she was waiting at the station when his train came rolling in
She ached with anticipation of holding him again
And suddenly he was standing there in his crumpled uniform
In a heartbeat she was in his arms
Welcome home, boys, welcome home
Don't you know, you've been gone too long
Did you wonder, over there,
When you were tired, when you were scared,
If your country really cared, welcome home
When a nation goes to war, everyone's a casualty
Some are maimed and scarred, most have wounds you cannot see
So in place of the man that she had known,
Annie found instead, a sick and troubled stranger in her bed
But she was stubborn, she was lovin', so she stayed all through the years
The hard times and the drinking, the nightmares and the tears
For where hate is muddy quicksand, love is tempered steel
Annie waited for his wounds to heal
Welcome home, boys, welcome home
Don't you know, you've been gone too long
We're just so glad that you're alive
And only you will wonder why
You lived when others died, welcome home
So on a sunny Sydney morning, I heard old war drums beat
And watched the boys come marching, down the city street*
To claim their place in the nation's heart
That their blood and pain had earned
A nation that rejoiced in their return
And if the day helped to heal some wounds is a matter of debate
For some it had come none too soon, for others far too late
But I found myself hoping, as the boys went marching past
That for them the war was over, at last
Welcome home, boys, welcome home
Don't you know, you've been gone too long
What you went through in Vietnam, we can't begin to understand
But to each and every man, welcome home
Welcome home, boys, welcome home
Don't you know, you've been gone too long
May the years bring you release, as the memories decrease
May you find some kind of peace, welcome home
May you find some kind of peace, welcome home
***********************
NOTES:
ANZAC Day Parade. ANZAC Day is Australia's version of
Memorial Day in the US and Canada"
"894" "\"The Sign\"
-Eric Bogle
In the summer of last year, in a city* far from here
That stands on the shores of the fair Pacific sea
I walked it's pleasant streets, no view in mind, no one to meet
Content to wander where my aimless feet led me
A few streets from my hotel, I passed an old stone wall
where three words had been scrawled by an unknown hand
When I read them I stopped dead, in disbelief I shook my head
For the words on that wall read, \"Free Bobby Sands\"
As the sun began to fall, and the day began to die
Thought I heard the wild geese call, from a dark and empty sky
For long minutes I stood there, in that busy thoroughfare
While the past rose sharp and clear in my mind's eye
I saw it all again, the passion, hate, and pain
the indifference and the shame as a young man died
But it was all so long ago, and who now cares or knows
why Bobby Sands chose his lonely death?
But to the one who wrote that sign,
it seems that Bobby's light still shines
The words rang from another time,
but the paint was fresh
As the sun began to fall, and the day began to die
Thought I heard the wild geese call, from a dark and empty sky
So I went down to the sea, to let it's wild song comfort me
But my thoughts would not let me be, and unchecked they ran
Through my future, present, and past,
not for the first time nor the last
I heard them ask, \"Could you be the kind of man
who would gladly sacrifice everything, even life
and put no price on a cause, or an ideal?\"
No answer echoed in my heart, so I turned and I walked back
through the twilight's deepening dark, to my hotel.
****************
Historical Note:
Bobby Sands, MP, was imprisoned in 1981 under criminal charges
stemming from his alleged involvement in IRA terrorist activities
in Ulster Province (Northern Ireland). Mr. Sands, along with
20 other alleged IRA members in prison awaiting trial, went
on a hunger strike to protest inhumane conditions in the prison, and to
have the IRA members reclassified as \"political prisoners\".
The hunger strike lasted more than 60 days, resulting in the deaths
of many of the prisoners, of which Mr. Sands was the first to succumb.
*Auckland, New Zealand"
"895" "\"MIRRORS\"
-Eric Bogle
Children are born with trust in their eyes
It's the first thing that we betray
Children are born believing in magic
It's the first thing we take away
Fill them with doubt instead of magic
And fear instead of trust
And after awhile, they're just like us
On this earth there is a city
In a rich green pleasant country
Where they kill their children
The children of the streets
Free enterprise extermination
Why waste rehabilitation?
A bullet is forever
It's so final quick and cheap
And the despots all wear policemen's badges
Kill to supplement their wages
Earn their bloody bounty
With the gun and the club and knife
While profit-conscious businessmen
Upright solid citizens
Pay them a cew cruzeiros
For every murdered street kids life
(But they're children!)
They're garbage on the streets
(Oh the children!)
They're beggars, whores and thieves
(Oh pity the children!)
Cry pity if you will,
There's none on the streets
Of Rio de Janeiro in Brazil
To bless this piece of paradise
High on a hill stands Jesus Christ
Gazing down with sightless eyes
At the daily blasphemy
A mocking marble coontradiction
Arms spread wide in benediction
Suffer the little children,
Suffer them to come to me
And the despots cry \"amen, amen\"
While they bow their knees to Bethlehem
They spit in the face of humankind
Turn our dreams to worthless dust
And the future, as it's always done,
Stares down the barrel of a gun
Which once more begs the question,
When will the despots come for us?
(But they're children!)
Have you seen their eyes?
(Oh the children!)
Hard and wary and street-wise
(Oh pity the children!)
There are no children here
Only old eyes full of hunger
And hate and hopeless fear
(But they're children!)
Abandoned and forsaken
(Oh the children!)
Useless human flotsam
(Oh pity the children!)
And pity us as well
For in our children's' eyes
We see mirrors of ourselves"
"896" "Well, once jolly swagmen* went humping their swags
and stuffed jolly jumbucks* down in their tucker bags
These days, jolly junkies go on house-breaking jags
and steal to buy the poison they need
While the swaggie, he just wanted a feed
And who'll come a-Waltzing Matilda with me?
Hey Banjo*, this country's not what it used to be
We've changed all your words, and re-written your score
And it's \"Waltzing Matilda\" no more.
Once Henry and Mary, on a warm afternoon
rowed down Reedy River to the broad bright lagoon
The song of the river is a long vanished tune
since they built the uranium mine
and what's left is just toxic slime
And who'll come a-walting Matilda with me?
Oh, Henry, this country's not what it used to be
Days pass with a whimper, and not with a roar
And it's \"Waltzing Matilda\" no more.
Well, we cut down the trees, and the land we reclaimed
We ploughed and we planted, then we ploughed it again
and again and again, and again and again
So that now on a hot windy day
We can watch our topsoil blow away
And who'll come a-walting Matilda with me?
The desert is marching down to the sea
On the day that it stretches
from shore to shining shore
We'll go waltzing Matilda no more
Saturday night outside a King's Cross hotel
There stands our future, and it's halfway to hell
Kids with hard drugs and young bodies to sell
Hey Australia, what progress we've made!
We've come a long way, since Diamond day
And who'll come a-waltzing Matilda with me?
Hey Anzac*, is this what you fought to keep free?
A land fit for heroes, or junkies and whores?
And it's \"Waltzing Matilda\" no more.
And who'll come a-walting Matilda with me?
This country could still be what we want it to be
Perhaps one day soon, the dream will be restored
And we'll go Waltzing Matilda once more
We'll go Waltzing Matilda once more
NOTES:
ANZAC:
The combined Australia/New Zealand armies that fought in both World Wars
\"Banjo\" Patterson:
Author of \"The Man From Snowy River\" and \"Waltzing Matilda\"
Billabong:
A watering hole, specifically the curved meander of a winding stream
that has been isolated due to sand bar deposition
Swagman:
I believe in the US you refer to them as \"hobos\", though a swaggy is not
always someone financially down on their luck or On The Run. Some
swagmen are just fed up with city life and want to spend their time
exploring the country on foot, living off the land and the charity of
passers-by as best they can.
Coolibah tree:
The Eucalyptus Coolibah is a species of Eucalyptus tree commonly found
in inland parts of the Australian continent.
Billy:
A billy is a tin, often an old used fruit tin or other steel container,
used to boil water to make tea. Often they have a piece of wire
across their top used as a handle, whereupon after the water is boiling,
one holds the wire, places the desired amount of tea leaves in said
water, stands up, and swings the whole billy in a circular motion
vigorously in order to force the tea leaves to the bottom of the tin. A
rather nice touch is to crush a Coolibah leaf into the water too, giving
the tea a hint of eucalyptus.
Jumbuck;
A sheep (usually refers to a ram)
Tucker-bag;
A knapsack. \"Tucker\" means \"food\".
Squatter:
In Australia in the 19th century, large swathes of outback land were
divided up and mostly allocated to \"squatters\" - often wealthy
land-owners from Britain, who could afford the prices the government was
asking. There were also freehold selections free for the taking (all you
had to do was sign on the dotted line) made available to anyone who
would try to exploit the land, but the freehold lots tended to be poorer
land where it was a battle to earn to living. Squatters became fairly
wealthy from their allocations even taking over freehold selections in
the process of expanding their lots, reflected in the fact that this one
is riding on his thoroughbred horse.
Troopers:
The troopers are law enforcement. The squatter would have called
them in because the swagman has stolen a sheep from the squatter's property.
Matilda:
Given the lonely life of a swaggy, they tend to become quite
affectionate for things that are fairly important to their immediate
existence. In this case, AIUI \"Matilda\" is the swagman's sleeping gear -
typically a bedroll.
Cockie:
Small time family farmer/rancher in rural Australia, usually on marginal land"
"897" "\"Queensland Whalers\"
-Eric Bogle
I've sailed the North Atlantic with ice flows in the breeze
I've sailed the Dutch East Indies o'er the calm blue sunny seas
When I think of missing seamen me heart returns again
To a season spent in Moretan Bay with Queensland Whaling Men.
Yo-ho you Queensland Whalers, you've cut the sugar cane
You've driven herds of cattle o'er the dry and dusty plain
You've dug the ore at Isa, laid countless miles of rail
And now you've come to Moreton Bay to catch a Humpback Whale
To men who've chased the brumbies, caught bullocks by the tail
It really is no problem to catch a humpback whale
You steer your iron sea-horse, poke your gun through the rigging struts
And when she runs through the coral scrub, you belt her in the guts
Yo-ho you Queensland Whalers, you've cut the sugar cane
You've driven herds of cattle o'er the dry and dusty plain
You've dug the ore at Isa, laid countless miles of rail
And now you've come to Moreton Bay to catch a Humpback Whale
Now men up in the crows nest, so whaling legends go
When they spy a humpback whale they yell out \"Thar She Blows!\"
But here in sunny Queensland you'll often hear them shout
\"There goes a bloody beauty mate, so get yer finger out!\"
Yo-ho you Queensland Whalers, you've cut the sugar cane
You've driven herds of cattle o'er the dry and dusty plain
You've dug the ore at Isa, laid countless miles of rail
And now you've come to Moreton Bay to catch a Humpback Whale
From Moreton to Caloundra, bronze whaler sharks abound
They wait like dingoes in the scrub for a wounded beast that's down
But but for all their bloody savagery, well they just can't compare
With the big bite that the tax man takes when he gets hold of your share!
Yo-ho you Queensland Whalers, you've cut the sugar cane
You've driven herds of cattle o'er the dry and dusty plain
You've dug the ore at Isa, laid countless miles of rail
And now you've come to Moreton Bay to catch a Humpback Whale
And when the season's over, we'll head for Brisbane Town
And in the nearest boozer our sorrows we will drown
With beer and firey whiskey and when we've had enough
We'll steer a steady zig zag course and never give a stuff!
Yo-ho you Queensland Whalers, you've cut the sugar cane
You've driven herds of cattle o'er the dry and dusty plain
You've dug the ore at Isa, laid countless miles of rail
And now you've come to Moreton Bay to catch a Humpback Whale"
"898" "\"And The Band Played Waltzing Matilda\"
- Eric Bogle
Now when I was a young man, I carried me pack, and I lived the free life of a rover
From the Murray's green basin to the dusty outback, well, I waltzed my Matilda all over.
Then in 1915, my country said son, It's time you stopped rambling, there's work to be done.
So they gave me a tin hat, and they gave me a gun, and they marched me away to the war.
And the band played Waltzing Matilda, as the ship pulled away from the quay
And amidst all the cheers, the flag-waving and tears, we sailed off for Gallipoli
And how well I remember that terrible day, how our blood stained the sand and the water
And of how in that hell that they called Suvla Bay, we were butchered like lambs at the slaughter.
Johnny Turk he was waiting, he'd primed himself well. He shower'd us with bullets,
And he rained us with shell. And in five minutes flat, he'd blown us all to hell
Nearly blew us right back to Australia.
But the band played Waltzing Matilda, when we stopped to bury our slain.
We buried ours, and the Turks buried theirs, then we started all over again.
And those that were left, well we tried to survive, in that mad world of blood, death and fire
And for ten weary weeks, I kept myself alive, though around me the corpses piled higher
Then a big Turkish shell knocked me arse over head, and when I woke up in my hospital bed,
And saw what it had done, well I wished I was dead. Never knew there was worse things than dyin'.
For I'll go no more waltzing Matilda, all around the green bush far and free
To hump tent and pegs, a man needs both legs-no more waltzing Matilda for me.
So they gathered the crippled, the wounded, the maimed, and they shipped us back home to Australia.
The legless, the armless, the blind, the insane, those proud wounded heroes of Suvla
And as our ship pulled into Circular Quay, I looked at the place where me legs used to be.
And thanked Christ there was nobody waiting for me, to grieve, to mourn, and to pity.
But the band played Waltzing Matilda, as they carried us down the gangway.
But nobody cheered, they just stood and stared, then they turned all their faces away
And so now every April, I sit on me porch, and I watch the parades pass before me.
And I see my old comrades, how proudly they march, reviving old dreams of past glories
And the old men march slowly, old bones stiff and sore. They're tired old heroes from a forgotten war
And the young people ask, what are they marching for? And I ask myself the same question.
But the band plays Waltzing Matilda, and the old men still answer the call,
But as year follows year, more old men disappear. Someday no one will march there at all.
Waltzing Matilda, Waltzing Matilda, who'll come a-waltzing Matilda with me?
And their ghosts may be heard as they march by that billabong, who'll come a-waltzing Matilda with me?
***********************************************************************************************
NOTES:
\"Matilda\" - the backpack and associated gear used by livestock drovers and prospecters
In remote areas of the Australian outback.
\"Swag\" - canvas sleeping bag
\"Billabong\" - creek or estuary, generally with an outlet to the sea and containing more or less brackish water.
Historical Note:
The Gallipoli Campaign (April 25, 1915-January 8, 1916),
A major land and sea operation of World War I, in which
British, French, Australian, and New Zealand forces
Unsuccessfully attempted an invasion of Turkey.
The action was confined to the Dardanelles Strait
And the tip of the Gallipoli (Gelibolu) Peninsula near
Istanbul. The purpose of the campaign, devised by British
Munitions minister David Lloyd George, first lord of the
Admiralty Winston Churchill, General Herbert H. Kitchener,
And Admiral Sackville H. Carden, was to open up a new
Theater of war as an alternative to the stalemate in
France, to relieve Turkish pressure on Russian forces
In the Caucasus, and, by gaining control of Istanbul
And the straits, to provide a direct link with Russia
Via the Black Sea. This campaign is also significant
For Australians in that it marked the first time a major
Australian military force was commanded by Australian,
Instead of English, officers.
What initially was to be exclusively a naval operation
Failed in February 1915 when several British and French
Ships were damaged by floating mines. A land invasion was
Then decided on, but it was not begun until late April.
An amphibious landing at that time was met with heavy
Resistance by the Turks. Excessive caution and timorous
Leadership by the British commander, Sir Ian Hamilton,
Resulted in several lost initiatives. Little headway
Was made beyond the several beachheads. In early August,
After three months of stalemate and stagnation on the
Beaches, a new major offensive was begun. Once again,
However, the excessive caution and indifferent leadership
Of the British command offset the effect of heavy
Reinforcements. The Turkish forces, on the other hand, were
Inspired by the leadership of Mustafa Kemal (Kemal Atatrk,
Later president of Turkey) and the skill of their German
Commander, Otto Liman von Sanders. After a few more months
Of stalemate, Hamilton was replaced by Sir Charles Monro,
Who was sent to evaluate the situation. Monro recommended
Evacuation, and the allied forces were withdrawn in December
And January. British casualties were 205,000 out of 410,000;
The French sustained a rate of 47,000 out of 79,000; Turkish,
250,000 to 300,000 out of 500,000. The fiasco badly
Stained the reputations of Churchill, Hamilton, and Kitchener.
Despite its overall failure, however, the Gallipoli campaign
Weakened the Turks enough to facilitate the British seizure
Of Palestine in 1917. The action also distracted the Germans
From a plan they had in 1915 to begin another offensive in France."
"899" "\"Ibrahim\"
-Eric Bogle
(Album: The Colour of Dreams)
Hey Ibrahim, tell me what do you think of Australia?
Do our beautiful desert sunsets fill you with wonder?
As the sky catches fire, and the trees and the mountains change colour
But I guess the view from this side of the barbed-wire's much better
So Ibrahim, can you tell me, why did you come here?
What dream were you chasing and what did you hope to find here?
Did you flee from your own native land because your life was in danger?
Or were the reasons much more mundane, just poverty and hunger?
Wrong path, wrong choice, wrong creed, wrong culture
Wrong place, wrong time, wrong dream and wrong colour
You see Ibrahim, there's something I've been meaning to tell you
Being hungry and poor bestows no special status upon you
We won't send you back, if you can prove they'd imprison or kill you
But if you're just going back home to starve, I'm afraid we can't help you
You see Ibrahim, you've become a bit of a problem
This world's full of refugees fleeing poverty, war and oppression
So to take in queue-jumpers like you, well it's out of the question
It would give the world's hungry and poor the wrong impression
Wrong path, wrong choice, wrong creed, wrong culture
Wrong place, wrong time, wrong dream and wrong colour
I'm afraid Ibrahim, it's time to be totally candid
You had Buckley's chance* right from the moment you landed
Already to many a threat and a danger you were branded
And all because you follow the prophet Mohammed
You didn't count Ibrahim, on political opportunism
Our leaders knew that to many Australians, the very word \"Muslim\"
Meant Al-Quaeda, Hammas, the Taliban, and terrorism
And that's why you and your family are locked up in prison.
Wrong path, wrong choice, wrong creed, wrong culture
Wrong place, wrong time, wrong dream and wrong colour
So Ibrahim, tell me what do you think of Australia?
Do our beautiful desert sunsets fill you with wonder?
As the sky catches fire, and the trees and the mountains change colour
But I guess the view from this side of the barbed-wire's much better
Yes I guess the view from this side of the barbed-wire's much better
*****************************************
NOTE:
\"Buckley's Chance\" - Australian colloquialism meaning \"no chance whatsoever\".
The phrase came into use in the 1890's, although it's origins are now uncertain."
"900" "\"NOW I'M EASY\"
- Eric Bogle
For nearly sixty years, I've been a Cockie
Of droughts and fires and floods I've lived through plenty
This country's dust and mud have seen my tears and blood
But it's nearly over now, and now I'm easy
I married a fine girl when I was twenty
But she died in giving birth when she was thirty
No flying doctor then, just a gentle old black 'gin
But it's nearly over now, and now I'm easy
She left me with two sons and a daughter
On a bone-dry farm whose soil cried out for water
So my care was rough and ready, but they grew up fine and steady
But it's nearly over now, and now I'm easy
My daughter married young, and went her own way
My sons lie buried by the Burma Railway
So on this land I've made me home, I've carried on alone
But it's nearly over now, and now I'm easy
City folks these days despise the Cockie
Say with subsidies and dole, we've had it easy
But there's no drought or starving stock on a sewered suburban block
But it's nearly over now, and now I'm easy
For nearly sixty years, I've been a Cockie
Of droughts and fires and floods, I've lived through plenty
This country's dust and mud, have seen my tears and blood
But it's nearly over now, and now I'm easy
And now I'm easy
NOTES:
Cockie: Australian small-scale family farmer
'Gin (\"Jen\"): an Australian aboriginal woman
(The term is nowadays considered to be derogatory)"
"901" "\"SOMETHING OF VALUE\"
-Eric Bogle
I can see the Southern Cross tonight
While here below, bathed in it's light
The Dreamtime land safe, snug and tight is sleeping
Wrapped in complacency and contentedness
No discordant sounds disturb our rest
While the gentle souls we've dispossesed are weeping
We took it all by the gun and the sword
By the right of our race and in the name of our God
Though as outcasts ourselves, transported, condemned
None knew better than we the injustice of men
We took it all in our hunger and need
Enslaved by our past and consumed by our greed
And left them to beg for the scraps at our door
While we called them drunkards and wasters and whores
They've been drowning, drowning in their tears
For the last two hundread years
From England's New Jerusalem
To the Dreamtime land the tall ships came
With human cattle in convict chains to bind them
In the grim fight just to stay alive
Dreams must struggle to survive
Few could see the glitt'ring prize before them
We had it all in the palm of our hand
A new hope, a new dream, a new life, a new land
One last chance to break from the chains of the past
To build something of value, build something to last
This ancient land was a vast empty page
Waiting for the great writers of a brand new age
The future was ours to protect or profane
A paradise lost, a paradise gained
Now tell me, is paradise here,
After two hundred years?
So now, beneath the Southern Cross
It's time to tally up the cost
Of what we've gained and what we've lost forever
Though much has gone we can't replace
Those of us who love this place
Together now, must turn and face the future
So here's to us all, we're frail humankind
Who wander through life mostly helpless and blind
To our courage and cowardice, our humor and pain
Our hundred steps forward, ninety-nine back again
Yes here's to us all, the wise and the fools
The indifferent, the caring, the kind and the cruel
As we march to the beat of an uncertain drum
Stumbling towards what we may yet become
Towards the brave new frontiers,
Of the next two hundred years"
"902" "WEE DARK ENGINE ROOM
(G) C G7 C G / G C F G7 C / C G7 C F C G C G / C F C F C
In that wee dark engine room,
Where the chill seeps through your soul,
How we huddled round that wee pot stove
That burned oily rags and coal.
C F C G7 G /
How the winter blizzards blow, and the whaling fleet's at rest,
Tucked in Leigh harbor's sheltered bay, safely anchored ten abreast.
The whalers at their stations, as from she'd to she'd they go,
Carry little bags of coal with them, and a little iron stove.
CHORUS
The fireman Paddy worked with me on the engine stiff and cold.
A stranger to the truth was he - there's not a lie he hasn't told.
And he boasted of his gold mine, and of all the hearts he'd won,
And his bonny sense of humor shone just like a ray of sun.
CHORUS
Then one day we saw the sun and factory ships' return.
Meet your old friends, sing a song; hope the season won't be long,
Then homeward bound when it's over; we'll leave this icy hold,
But I always will remember that little iron stove.
CHORUS
------------------------------------------------------------------
Words and music by Eric Bogle
Recorded by Ed Trickett on \"The Ways of Man,\" FSI-68 copyright 1978.
\"Many songs are sung about whaling and whalers. Almost all describe
A voyage, or the catch of the whale, or some of the men and their
Needs. This song, written by Eric Bogle, describes the bone-
Chilling existance of the men who stayed with the ships when they
Were laid up for the winter, doing routine maintenance and engine
Overhaul in the clammy, unheated holds of the engine rooms.\" -ET
Filename[ ENGINRM
DC
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"903" "They'll be wondering how this all came about
And silly rumors will fly around this little town
But I don't care, I know it's in the air
How much I adore you
I've been singing about water
Without a second foot on dry ground
You make swimming so easy I'm gonna drown
In your capping blues and greens
I mean who gets to feel this way
But it's a quiet revolution in the way that you love me
You set the sky high above me
And the heart can travel given the right set of wings
You can see everything
It's a quick turn the corner back into prolific
You take the summer off jotting things down
That you hope will come back to ya
It's ain't easy when you're the only thing that's on my mind
It's the kindest storm blowing in a bigger love"
"904" "I had first realized the shape I was in
After six years in uniform, in the standing din
I signed in at eighteen for a college degree
Recruiting out of high school into opportunity
I'd always equated my love for my land
With the loyalty of the army but now I understand
I'm from a small town, I knew quiet streets
There was a market where people often meet
I built my home there, me and my family
These are the loneliest days I've seen
My soldiers are marching according to rank
They have occupied the borderlines outside the West Bank
I'm relieving my attention on a bloody red machine
A conscientious citizen for the democratic regime
This kind of struggle's not one to go alone
So I'm joining the opposition but I'm never going home"
"905" "I always wonder where you came from
And you always say Mars
I noticed one day my life was missing something
And then there you are
In your shiny Martian suit
With a ship by your side
I was wearing my heart on my sleeve
You were wearing a star
I can't help but feel the luckiest
Of anyone here
Was it so beautiful on your planet
That you wanted me there
Before you know it
We're in it one year deep
Tell me why do you want
To go out living in disguise?
You always show me love with open arms
And I always give in
I would have charmed you back from China
Or from the Pisces fin
And how I am swept away
By your mission to change the world
And I know that you've changed
One world here for sure
Before you know it
We're in it two years deep
And I know that you've changed
One world here for sure"
"906" "Yesterday the circus left town in a suitcase
Rimmed with little key chain hearts
And they tore those giant tents down
Lions in the pouring rain
And the birds in the pouring rain
Ohm but my heart belongs to the bearded woman
Who had a glory bound lonely gaze
She used to fit her head
Inside an elephant's mouth
With some kind of solitude grace
When you find it, oh you better use it up
You better hold on to it
Like it's an answer to your prayers
Spring is coming early this year, you can tell
'Cause everybody's got their old jobs back
No one stays too long around here
They left circles in the wide back fields
And the farmers tried to cover up the scars
You can still run your hands over soft black earth
And wonder where they are
Oh but my son left for the fields today
He's a fourth generation
Works good with his hands
Got his mother's cheeks and a big brass heart
And boy he loves to work that land
Out on the streets in my new city
You can see where shadows
Make prints on the pavement
They know when the Salvation Army truck
Comes around
Lions in the pouring rain
And they're birds in the pouring rain
They hold their cups
Out by the side of the circus tent doors
Between the bank and the HMV
But you never hear
The rattle on a rich man's coat
Who's got it locked up with a key"
"907" "Close the curtains and lock the doors
Shut down my day I won't answer anymore
I've got things on my mind and troubles to bare
Love is cruel, love is kind and it's everywhere
You found me overwhelmed
And clinging to my knees
You may not know it babe
But you've been helping me
I've been in deep waters
Searching for some change
I've got dreams like the weather
And habits just as strange
Oh, oh, oh
You don't find it in writing
When the heart does so much talking
That the dialogs becomes a way of rhyme
We could go on weighing
Our peace in good measures
We still would have run out of time
So don't weigh your body down
If you wanna shout it out loud
I will be your ears
And I would tell you I'm so proud
Of our love up to the last
How it all flipped by so fast
Give us both chance to rise
After a fall like this
Oh, oh, oh
I wish you all that you could wish for
All that you can hold
But this love is deeper waters
To no mold
Open your arms again in time
You will find comfort there
Love is cruel, love is kind
And it's everywhere"
"908" "The plot gets thicker and it always goes astray
You're never holding in your hands a particular play
You're not satisfied with the taste or smell
And it's not what you ordered, well
There's a good chance some body else has got it made
Well, there's trouble where you seek it
You see it in store windows
And the box is twice as big as the item
There's a spotlight shining from the corner both night and day
Some gather round and paw the glass
Others who know better pass
And they whisper to themselves, they'll never find their way
With stars in their eyes, they'll never find their way
There's trouble where you seek it
You don't have to go sneaking around
To find they've found you out by now
There's trouble where you seek it"
"909" "Deep love, hell you know trouble so well
You don't have a pattern and you never can tell
You are a yellow caution light and a yield sign
And I'm building tall fences to protect this heart of mine
Was it so much difficulty cutting that glass?
You didn't think it would last
And after twenty-two years
I'm not doing so bad at all
I guess it don't matter if the joke's on me
You have me at your beck and call
And to tell you the truth
I really don't mind at all
Change, change, change
There's a different address every time
And I've got plenty of practice
And I know you don't mind
I'm home in the country or here in the park
I stumble where ever you land
Have mercy on my timing, it's out of my hands
You want the world on a whim and the sky below
You really walk the line
But I bet you miss it when every thing's fine
I guess it don't matter if the joke's on me
You have me at your beck and call
And to tell you the truth, I really don't mind at all
What would I ever do if you left me here alone?
I would need a come back to a dial tone"
"910" "I could not stay sleeping, oh, my mind would not allow
And suddenly all these thoughts on life crept into me somehow
The sun has barely risen to lay aside another night
And it's here I settle softly into every word I write
Maybe I'm just counting up my sheep too late
But I just let them run beyond the fence
What good are guards that wouldn't give such pleasure?
I think I'll have a morning, one that starts out with a laugh
In the hopes that it would spread out equal on behalf
Of an unforgiving measure, oh where find time just ticks away
To let the simple things bring you closer in a simple way"
"911" "What kind of move is the best thing
For leaving you in the I don't know
You can leave the best of a cool nest
But there's no master plan when you go
You hear the swearing and the laughter
Smoke coming in from the neighbors next door
My Christina had the toughest set of lungs
She could out sing anyone
She'd have them up on the small floor dancing
Anyone knew anyone
I hate to be leaving in the middle of this
What can I say but
This city is chorded there's rhythm in the traffic
Spokes in the wheels wherever you go
I'm just one exception to be sitting here
Trying to carve out some kind of a home
Everyone around here lets their cats loose
To control the mice
It's the kind of neighborhood with a few broken down houses
But it's kinda nice
Going through photos of places you've been
The places you part
It's the packing and the moving that really holds on
To the rungs of a lonely heart
Just when you think it's over
Something new begins
Somewhere in the grander scheme of scheming
Just when you think you're stepping out
That's when you're stepping in
It leaves you open windowed and ever dreaming"
"912" "Bring down the rain bring out the ghosts
It's twenty-five degrees out on the West Coast
Every thing's in bloom there and I don't care
I've been thinking about leaving too
You pack as little as you can 'cause that's what you do
You put everything in storage and give the dog to mom
She wouldn't mind there's a big back field
A long time ago they stopped turning yield
You should see the view there from up on the hill
I fell in love with the train last week and everyone there
I got the scent of everyone's laughter in my hair
We watched the landscapes click by hell I was the engineer
I saw the country from the dome car and I was outta here
By night we traveled slow, by day we went fast
And no one checked to see where we were on the map
You knew you hit the prairies and you knew why
You take a deep breath and hold it in
And every deep breath seems to quiet the din
You forget about the time zones, there are none out there
Home for the reckless home for the race
It's home for a moment of time and space
You lose all your sleep when the playing is done
You learn the rails and you're learning on the tracks
Someone tells a story of an old steam back
And a village comes together seven coaches long"
"913" "Nu lyser ngarna av sommarns alla blommor.
Nu surrar bin, och fglar sjunger verallt.
Nu stryker vinden genom trdens hga kronor
men i min trdgrd r det visset, mrkt och kallt.
Hr r det risigt och frvuxet, fult och snrigt
och lika hopplst grtt och trist som i mitt brst.
Drute doftar det av sommarns alla dofter.
Dr r det sommar, men hr inne r det hst.
Jag levde lycklig hr med dig och mina katter
ett liv i synd och utan omsorg att bli frlst.
Frsonad med min karaktr, fr jag har aldrig
frmott att sga nej till ngonting som helst.
Och aldrig nekat mig det ena eller andra,
och levat livet, tills jag krossades en dag.
Det brja med att du bedrog mig med en annan,
en som du sa var mycket finare n jag.
Vrt grl tog veckor, ropen blandades med grten
och jag blev grundligt jmfrd med din fina vn
Tills du beknde att hon givit dig p bten
D blev det ddstyst hr i trdgrden igen!
Ifrn den stunden var den kvinnan dubbelt hatad
Hon hade lekt med dig, med oss ett litet slag
Och ja jag knde det som ven jag var ratad
Jag ville slss, och gick mot mitt livs nederlag
Jag kom med hammaren beredd under min kappa
Nr hon kom ut i sidenpumps och sa: God dag!
Kom in och sl dig ner en stund s fr vi prata!
Jag bara stammade, nu minns jag inte vad...
Och jag blev bjuden p likr och cigarriller
och kunde inte f mig till att sga nej!
Och nr vi skiljdes var vi bstisar och bundis
och jag tog saker som du glmt med hem till dig!"
"914" "Ill be the chorus, you'll be the verse.
We'll live in a forrest of beautiful words.
I'll be the strings, you'll be the keys.
Together we'll find all the harmonies.
All we're got is all we have to give away,
so what I have not I fill in with what you got.
And we'll be okay.
Take yours and mine, we'll combine and we'll have everything.
Take yours and mine, we'll combine and we'll have everything.
I'll be the soil, you be the seed.
Together we'll plant whatever we need.
Turn on the sun, fill the watering can.
Watch love bloom, while I hold your hand.
All we've got is all we have to give away,
so what I have not I fill in with what you got.
And we'll be okay.
Take yours and mine, we'll combine and we'll have everything.
Take yours and mine, we'll combine and we'll have everything.
Yours and Mine.
Yours and Mine.
Yours and Mine.
Yours and Mine.
Take yours and mine, we'll combine and we'll have everything.
Yours and mine."
"915" "I saw you
You saw me
That's when I needed you
You needed me
I kissed you
You kissed me
And thought forever yeah
We'd always be
Well I like you
You like me
Seems that we fit so perfectly
You make me feel worthy
And I've let you take care of me
(Chorus)
Ohhh
Were alright now,
Gonna break down the breakdown
Move from where we stand
See what we don't want to see
I love you
You love me
Oh but lately
Somethings wearing on me
I've been growing
I've been changing
And seems like you're barely moving
(Chorus)
There is nothing we can do to get past this
Nothing you could say
Baby please don't fret
Our time has moved passed us
I love you
You love me
Is it possible we love differently
You need me but I need to
Feel strong baby without you
(Chorus)"
"916" ""
"917" "All by yourself alone at night. Thinking to myself I know you wanna cry. Let me tell you nothings the same I can feel it deep inside the devils driven you away.
Fade away forget everything, Fade away forget everything.
My mind wants to play life seems meaningless I must say and I know its wrong to feel this way for so damn long. You can numb my brain if you can cure my pain. Afraid to lose don't wanna fight I just might.
Fade away forget everything, fade away forget everything.
But you might see what lies within me and you might believe that all is meant to be. Why, why should you and I
Fade away forget everything, fade away forget everything."
"918" "Its been years its been so long what can I say
Now you're gone you've slipped away
In my life I would have given every breath to you
Did you care for me did you love me too?
Have mercy on me, Have mercy on me
Time will be the day maybe then my fear of dismay
will go away it wont last long, and when I see your face when its my time to go will you wait beside the gate to hold me, and yes i know yes you know It hurts me.
Have mercy on me, Have mercy on me
Iv been waiting for the sun to shine to pull back on me, and to you I will never say goodbye you'll be with me forever by my side.
Have mercy on me, Have mercy on me"
"919" "This may come as a surprise
But I've got x-ray eyes
And I can see the skull
Beneath the skin
Though you do not realize
I can read what's in your mind
And I know you're not so
Attached to him
Celestine, don't lie to me
Celestine, don't lie, don't lie
You may not understand
I don't need to lay on hands
I already know exactly
How you feel
You don't have to say a word
It's your heatbeat I have heard
Getting louder now across
The space between
I know what you're thinking
So you don't have to say
Stranger things can happen
They happen every day
I've got special information
I don't need to be told
But I need insight into your soul"
"920" "I live for the stuff that matters
And I build on the things I know
But she turns my world upside-down
Get a paper hat for a crown
I'm a backward, nowhere shanty town
In a whirlwind when she's around
I don't trust any easy answers
And I take every chance I can
But she turns my world upside down
Get a paper hat for a crown
I'm a backward, nowhere shanty town
In a whirlwind when she's around
And I'm on the floor
Looking at the ceiling
And it makes me think
But I like the feeling
I found what you all are after
And I know I'm a wanted man
But she turns
And she turns
But she turns my world upside-down
Get a paper hat for a crown
I'm a backwards nowhere shanty town
In a whirlwind when she's around
Oh, whirlwind"
"921" "When it's dark outside and you're all alone
And your peace of mind is all gone
When duty calls and he takes the car
And you feel the shakes coming on
Reach for me when the gold starts to rust
When your colours run, will you call?
Reach for me when the threads come undone
When your cover slips and you fall
Will you reach for me?
When your glass is dry and you're out of luck
And there's no respite you can see
If that great big house with so many rooms
Is a useless thing you don't need"
"922" "When the day breaks and falls apart
That's my fanfare, my calling card
A run of bad luck, darkness at noon
I don't need the password to get to you
I'm a Venus Hunter
From another world
Ten thousand years
Since I've seen a girl
Burning petrol in my brain
What I called love you call insane
Some try wishing upon a star
Some try running, they don't get far
I'm a Venus Hunter
From another world
Ten thousand years
Since I've seen a girl"
"923" "Hold it tight
If you can
One little slip
And it's gone
From your hands
She gave in silver
But I offered her
Mercury
That last drop
How it shines
Cold to the lips
But it won't
Taste like wine
She gave in silver
But I offered her
Mercury"
"924" "Listen
To the voice that calls
From the edge of sleep
Down the hall
No breath, no lying lips
No heartbeat, no fingertips
She's invisible
Does not exist
Anymore
She's invisible
Crossed off my list
A closed door
Nothing
Breaks the silence
All the waiting hours
Of the night
No sight, no sound or shape
But imagination
Incinerates
Invisible
She's invisible
Look out"
"925" "Sun is gone, moon is a halo
Candle stars flicker and fade
In the dark, we're getting closer
Feel the world falling away
Transport of delight
Drive me out of my mind
Transport of delight
Don't look back
Leave this world behind
Branches reach up to the heavens
Shadows dance on your pale curves
I'm going down to the oasis
Start again when I return
Don't look back
Come on, now
Hold on tight
Leave this world behind"
"926" "Struck by the sight
I suppose I was hypnotized
I took a hint
And built it all up in my mind
I thought we were dealing
In diamonds and pearls
Now the sparkle is gone
And the outline is blurred
Ice sculpture melts
But I won't forget you, girl
I looked at my watch
Then I looked in your eyes
Some vague design
Started to crystallize
I thought that we had
All the time in the world
But the colours have run
And the weather has turned
Ice sculpture melts
But I won't forget you, girl"
"927" "Can't tell the end from the start
But I know how it will be
I'm gonna hijack your heart
You'll belong to me
The furthest thing from your mind
But you can't see what I see
Sugar, I prophesy
You will turn to me, yeah
So you think you're immune?
Well, you believe what you please
'Cause when I call the tune
You will never be free
You'll belong to me"
"928" "I must have had a nightmare
'Cause I'm not seeing straight
The shadows creep and slide
The strangest thoughts
Go through my head
Outside the traffic lights
They change from green to red
And as my heart applies the brakes
I reach across the bed
I was in a dream
You were by my side
Warmer than the sun
Then the picture changed
Began to fade away
Turned and you were gone
Sleepwalking
Could that be somebody
Standing on the stairs?
I can't ask you
I can't find you anywhere
So why are you out walking
Walking in my sleep?
And what goes through your mind
Each time you lie between the sheets?"
"929" "When I sunk
Into the sea
When you saw
What I did to me
Like I could fall to my knees
And worry about everything
It might hurt
But I'll be
On my way to better things
You don't want
What I need
The veil lifts my prophecy
A beautiful woman
Beautiful woman
You're the one I wanna be
A beautiful woman
Beautiful woman
You're the one I wanna see
Well you're a beautiful woman
A beautiful woman
The one with ruby seams
Beautiful woman, beautiful woman
Beautiful woman, beautiful woman
And in a blur
There seemed to be
Only downward
Plummeting
To the blackness of my e-
Go crushed from reality
And even though
I know these things
The forces still arrested me
Threw me down
Made me think
I'll never be
A beautiful woman
Beautiful woman
You're the one I wanna be
A beautiful woman
Beautiful woman
You're the one I wanna see
Well you're a beautiful woman
A beautiful woman
The one with ruby seams
Beautiful woman, beautiful woman
Beautiful woman, beautiful woman
Under the water lies the core
The mother that births what comes to shore
Steeped in the womb until it's born
The boiling fire creates the storm
A beautiful woman
Beautiful woman
You're the one I wanna be
A beautiful woman
Beautiful woman
You're the one I wanna see
Well you're a beautiful woman
A beautiful woman
The one with ruby seams
Beautiful woman, beautiful woman
Beautiful woman, beautiful woman"
"930" ""
"931" ""
"932" ""
"933" ""
"934" ""
"935" ""
"936" ""
"937" "I must admit when she comes
You'll be enticed by the surreal
The things she'll show you in that world
Will be the things that you can't erase
If you tried
Believe me I tried
Take my word
You're better off
Never knowing the upside of weightlessness
I must admit when she leaves
You'd follow her straight into hell
The things she'll show you in that world
Will be the things that you can't erase
If you tried
Believe me I tried
Take my word
You're better off
Never knowing the upside of weightlessness
You'll spend your life in a world where the sun rides the horizon
But never falls below
In a place where you're eyes grow heavy
But she won't let them close"
"938" "Reading back on the lines
Second guessing all my words
How do I apologize for ruining someone's life besides my own?
Regrets on the back of the boat
I guess I'm all out of time
Looking for a treasure
That I knew I'd never find
I know it's not what we planned
But I had to take a chance
And I failed
Take this note
Tear it to pieces
If I let you down again
Tie myself to the tide
Sacrificing all I had
How do I apologize for ruining someone's life besides my own?
Regrets on the back of the boat
I guess I'm all out of time
Looking for a treasure
That I knew I'd never find
I know it's not what we planned
But I had to take a chance
And I failed
Take this note
Tear it to pieces
If I let you down again
As I float away
Let the kerosene spill
Soak the lighthouse floor
I know it's not an answer
And I know it's not a cure
I try to get to shore
I hope the moon will keep his promises
And get me back to land
This time as I float away
There won't be one more chance
There's always one more chance
Take this note
Tear it to pieces again"
"939" "A sailor at sea for years
With weathered skin, an untamed beard
Somewhere hidden within he had a secret, he couldn't swim
Suddenly pulled overboard 50 yards from shore
A belt of lead around his waist pulled him to the floor
This sailor he won't flail his chest is filled with pride
In this life I can't swim, but soon I'm gonna fly
I'd rather drown tonight than let them know that I can't swim
That's what he said as he sunk to the bottom
Now his secret is safe at the bottom of the sea
Buried just like treasure that's where it will be
It's a treasure no man wants or ever will seek
His secret is safe with me
I'd rather drown tonight than let them know that I can't swim
That's what he said as he sunk to the bottom
I'd rather drown tonight (I'd rather drown tonight)
Than let them know that I can't swim (I'd rather drown tonight)
That's what he said (I'd rather drown tonight)
As he sunk to the bottom
Rather drown tonight than let them know that I can't swim
That's what he said as he sunk to the bottom"
"940" "I'll hide my face in scenery
Set traps for you with imagery
And I'll leave you
Missing the meaning
Every word has been a test to see whose listening
Every line has been a message sent for you
Let's play a game where we pretend
That everything is okay
Then after we'll pretend that I am:
Let's play a game that crazy game
Where everything is okay
Then after we'll pretend that I am
Who you want me to be
I've grown a taste for apathy
A last attempt at sanity
So forgive me
If it seems like I don't care
All these night we wasted time dancing around the truth
Well I'm sorry I don't feel like dancing anymore
Let's play a game where we pretend
That everything is okay
Then after we'll pretend that I am:
Let's play a game that crazy game
Where everything is okay
Then after we'll pretend that I am
Who you want me to be
I feel I've fallen short again
I tried to script an ending
To a fight that never ends
Every word so far's been a test to see who's listening
Every line has been a message sent for you
Let's play a game where we pretend
That everything is okay
Then after we'll pretend that I am:
Let's play a game that crazy game
Where everything is okay
Then after we'll pretend that I am
Who you want me to be"
"941" "And I hate what I've become
Childhood photographs are faded like the memories
Lost inside my head
Because I sold my soul for cheap
In exchange for empty promises
They've all been broken
He came to me in my sleep
How can I turn this all around?
How can I turn it inside out?
Will I ever be okay?
How can I turn this all around?
How can I turn it inside out?
A shot in the dark is all I have
If I am what you say
Take what's left and run away
And if i am what you say
Then why are you still here? Run away
If i am what you say
Take what's left and run away
Maybe I was marked for martyrdom from birth
Maybe I was made to leave my mark on this planet
Losing it all in the process"
"942" "I can see right through your eyes
Watch the tears evaporate into the night
She's a shadow at the foot of my bed
Leaving puddles from the tears that she shed
She's a shadow at the foot of my bed
She can't be real
I reach out an empathetic hand
Hoping she could hold on
She couldn't hold on
She's a shadow at the foot of my bed
Leaving puddles from the tears that she shed
She's a shadow at the foot of my bed
She can't be real
[Chorus]
She's a whisper in my dreams
I fell asleep and woke up changed
I can't forget I watched her as she faded away
(This is her, this is her way out)
She's a whisper in my dreams
I fell asleep and I woke up changed
I can't forget I watched her as she faded away
I can't forget
She's in my head
I want to go back, and free her from these flames:
[Chorus]"
"943" "You're sending messages transmitted in Morse Code
And I'm decoding as they beat right through your chest
Tell me again if I'm not mistaken
I'll tell you again but the words are changing
Remember when it was a game?
I never wanted anything
We're not changing
So stop asking
We're not changing
No turning back the decision's made
Let it out, let it out
If there's something you're not saying let it out
Let it out, let it out
If there's something on your mind let it out
Let it out, let it out
If there's something you're not saying let it out
It's the way you roll your eyes
You wrote the script before you ever had the cast
And now you're struggling to fit me in the plot
Holding me up to these expectations
She's holding you up but her arms can't take it
Remember when it was a game?
I never wanted anything
We're not changing
So stop asking
We're not changing
No turning back the decision's made
Let it out, let it out
If there's something you're not saying let it out
Let it out, let it out
If there's something on your mind let it out
Let it out, let it out
If there's something you're not saying let it out
It's the way you roll your eyes"
"944" "Stained glass, a crimson alter
This is the life we get
Take a look, I guarantee you'll decide this is wrong
Caught in a daze of blinding denial
\"This is only in my head\"
Change the subject, crack a smile
While the children all end up dead
[Chorus]
Overlooking the signs, overlooking the signs
As we all fall, one by one
I will never pretend, I will never pretend that all this shit isn't happening
God knows that this is not our fault
A little girl screams in horror
His blood trickles down her face
Innocence fades out through her eyes, she's been wronged
Caught in a daze of blinding denial
\"This is only in my head\"
Change the subject, crack a smile
Can't you see that there is something wrong?
[Chorus]
Ride out, right now
Ride out, right now
Run away as fast as you can
The chalice is overflowing
As he drops it from his hands
The stained glass is fucking shattered
[Chorus]
There'll be no blessing
At this confession"
"945" "I'll be the spark that ignites a flame
Wilderness that you try and tame
I'll be the first to tell you that I don't care (I don't care)
Inviting eyes and a dashing smile
Are just enough to hide away the demon that I've turned into
In a pact that I can't back out of
Dialogues in a parking lot
Sharpened words tearing through your sanity
They're ripping through your sanity
And we're riding scars now
[Pre-Chorus]
Caught in between
What I love and what I need
Caught in between
This is what I need"
"946" "These apathetic eyes
Dark just like the sky
the raindrops hit the window sill
so leave me here tonight
Leave me by myself
with all my imperfections
Running through my head
everything I wished I was
Running through my head
Forget about the sun
tonight the world revolves around you
I could swear your frown
Pulled the clouds down from the sky
Created this fog tonight
And on the car ride home
You retreated to your head
A thousand words I should have said
Running through my head
But we just stared at the road
Running through my head
And you just cried
Forget about the sun
tonight the world revolves around you"
"947" "This is what I wanted
A chance for a better life than this
A life that I can't get if I'm stuck here on dry land
And when we're on the open sea
I'll take my secrets write them down for you to see
Tear them to shreds and then I'll throw them overboard
I'll watch my words fade into the tide
When the anchor drops for the last time I'll be free
And I know that I'll be miserable
When the hurricanes become unbearable
And when the lines get tangled up
And the nets are torn apart
Having turned into the wind
And the crashing waves they knock me from my feet
I hope you'll remember me
When this boy becomes a man
If I never make it home
Just know I didn't die alone
Pretending this is all I want to say
Even if I'm turned into the wind
Pretending this is all I want to say as you cry this is good bye
Pretending this is all i want to say
Even though i've turned into the wind
Pretending this is all i want to say
It's not all i want to say
It's not all i want to say
That's all there is to say..."
"948" "She led me to the wasteland
Carpet floors turn to desert sand
A whisper crept up and stole my breath
Suddenly I stepped on a scorpion
I felt the poisoned sting
Inject and fill my veins
Skies blackened then the wind
Brought smiles and pouring rain
We walked into the reception
All the guests were dressed in white
The trumpets played in our honor
We're gonna dance tonight
Losing consciousness again
(Shadows dance upon the ceiling)
They'll never find me I'll be buried by the sand
(What has she done)
The trumpets fade into a whisper
And the guests returned home
She led me to the exit
When I heard the morning call
Losing consciousness again
(Shadows dance upon the ceiling)
They'll never find me I'll be buried by the sand
(What has she done)
And I'll die"
"949" "Pretend, pretend, pretend that I can't see you knocking down my door
As your silhouette paints the floor
Just like before
Who am I to think that I could be the one to change this terrible arrangement?
When all I can hear is her breathing
[Pre-Chorus]
I lock the door but she walks through the walls
You won't get my sympathy this time
I lock the door but she walks through the walls, the walls
[Chorus]
Had eternity and through it away and I'll be damned if I follow in your footsteps
[Post Chorus]
I've been through the wasteland
I've wrestled your demons
Carried your burden now its time for you to carry it yourself
Pretend, pretend, pretend that you can't hear me begging you to leave
These rendezvous' are getting stale
And out of hand
Who are you to think that you could be the one to force this terrible engagement?
When I'm wide awake but I'm dreaming
I lock the door but she walks through the walls
You won't get my sympathy this time
I lock the door but she walks through the walls, the walls
Had eternity and through it away and I'll be damned if I follow in your footsteps
I've been through the wasteland
I've wrestled your demons
Carried your burden now its time for you to carry it yourself
I've been through the wasteland
I've wrestled your demons
Carried your burden now its time for you to carry it yourself
In your eyes I see a ghost
Break the glass by throwing stones
And I'm braced for anything
I'm braced
The glass will break [2x]"
"950" "Mary had a little hatchet
In a box hidden under her bed
She held it close to her chest and she thought
\"This would look great in the back of his head.\"
\"If you take my life, I will take your dreams
Get my revenge by any means, If you take my life i will take your dreams\"
Now Mary was extra quiet
As she crept in through the bedroom door
All her anger took a life of its own
\"This fuck won't hurt me anymore\"
\"If you take my life, I will take your dreams
Get my revenge by any means, If you take my life i will take your dreams\"
[Chorus]
\"I'll make you suffer like I have\"
I suggest you get the hell out of this town
Because tonight she's on a roll
\"I'll make you bleed just like I've bled\"
I suggest you get the hell out of this town
Because tonight she's on a roll
Now all that's left's a bloody mess
As his body lay still on the bed
She took a look at the scene and she thought
\"He looks better with an axe in his head\"
\"If you take my life, I will take your dreams
Get my revenge by any means, If you take my life i will take your dreams\"
[Chorus]
Roll, let's roll!!!
I'll make you bleed like i've bled
[Chorus]"
"951" "The curtains slice the rays of sun
That sneak into my bedroom
Like bars on my wall
Salt water saturates
The carpet under me
I haven't got much sleep at all
And when the morning calls
I'm calling back to her
We spent our nights out watching shadows walking
I can't tell if I've become one too
I let myself go numb
It only made thing worse
Splitting my time between shadows and light
Unaware of the difference
The trumpets still ringing in my head
Crunch sand between my teeth
Sandpaper tongues can't speak
Don't think ill ever speak again
And when the morning calls
I'm calling back to her
We spent our nights out watching shadows walking
I can't tell if I've become one too
Don't let yourself go numb
It only made things worse"
"952" "La verdad no se como estaras
o si encontraste en alguien mas
lo que al final no supe darte
y que tal vez lo merecias
y esto lo digo sin rencor aunque yo eh sido el perdedor
Es que mis heridas
nunca sanaran este vacio sigue igual
como la tarde que arrancaste lo mas hermoso de mi vida
mi corazon no late igual
creo que pretende renunciar
Hasta la fecha no e encontrado quien me quiera
por que tu ausencia me persigue a donde sea
es tan dificil respirar
por que hasta el aire me hace mal Necesito mas de ti
quiero que sepas que te amo
que si me ahogo en el dolor es por la falta de tu amor
Necesito mas de ti,
de las caricias de tus manos maldito orgullo que mato de golpe nuestra relacion
Hasta la fecha no encontrado quien me quiera por que tu ausencia me persigue a donde sea
es tan dificil respirar por que hasta el aire me hace mal
Necesito mas de ti
quiero que sepas que te amo
que si me ahogo en el dolor es por la falta de tu amor
Necesito mas de ti
de las cariacias de tus manos maldito orgullo que mato
de golpe nuestra relacion
Necesito mas de ti..."
"953" "Yo se que su recuerdo no me hace ningun bien
Tan solo me lastima pensar en su querer.
Recuerdo bien sus ojos como diciendo adios
Y sin media palabra su imagen se marcho.
Y que puedo yo hacer si ella se fue de aqui
Y solo me he quedado con la fria soledad.
Dime porque se fue si la adore,
Contestame amiga soledad.
Si algo le falto no fue amor,
Eso fue lo que yo le di de mas.
Recuerdo bien sus ojos como diciendo adios
Y sin media palabra su imagen se marcho.
Y que puedo yo hacer si ella se fue de aqui
Y solo me he quedado con la fria soledad.
Dime porque se fue si la adore,
Contestame amiga soledad.
Si algo le falto no fue amor,
Eso fue lo que yo le di de mas.
Quiero saber en que falle
Quisiera yo saber que hice mal
O si tal vez me equivoque
Al entregar mi vida sin pensar
Contestame"
"954" "Estar contigo asi
Me ha hecho comprender
Que nada soy sin ti
Que temo enloquecer
Por que no se que hacer
Con migo
Te extrao mucho mas
Que aun cuando no estas
Que aun cuando hace frio
Platico con tu voz
Tan debil como yo
Y percibo
Que no hago falta yo lo se
Que me haces dao por placer
Quien eres tu que se ha irrumpido en nuestras
Vidas
Con que derecho me demuestras tus heridas
Ella es tan fuerte no como tu
Por que no te marchas y regresas otra ves
Sabes me arrodillo del temor
es que te has vuelto no se quien
Por que no me abrazas y me pides que este bien
Es tan impotente tu actidud
crece tu llanto y en tu piel
Yo me reflejo con tantas dudas
Y espero ansioso que me digas ven"
"955" "Aprendi a extraar, y a necesitar
Aprendi a sentirme, desolado
Como un tonto, fui inventando
Que tambien te sientes igual
Quise imaginar que la solucion
Para que volvieras a mi lado
Era estarte recordando cada dia un poco mas
Y aunque todo fracaso
Y tus labios no he vuelto a besar
Y tus manos no he vuelto a tocar
Con el tiempo crece mas esta esperanza
Y todo por amarte tanto
Y todo por quererte tanto
Y todo por soarte tanto
Que no me importa sufrir
Todo es sobre ti
Y todo por desearte tanto
Y todo por pensarte tanto
Y todo por no hacerte dao
Se que pudiste sentir
Lo que me hiciste sentir
Por amarte tanto
Y aunque todo fracaso
Y tus labios no he vuelto a besar
Y tus manos no he vuelto a tocar
Con el tiempo crece mas esta esperanza
Y todo por amarte tanto
Y todo por quererte tanto
Y todo por soarte tanto
Que no me importa sufrir
Todo es sobre ti
Y todo por desearte tanto
Y todo por pensarte tanto
Y todo por no hacerte dao
Se que pudiste sentir
Lo que me hiciste sentir
Por amarte tanto"
"956" "Hoy amanecio um poco nublado
pronosticaron la tormenta devastante
pero mi viaje no podia cancelarlo
me hacia falta retenerte,acariciarte
Fueron muchas horas anhelando
mas de lo que pude imaginarme
es que el destino es tan perfecto
tan exacto
que descubri por que jamas debi buscarte
El te besaba con tanta pasion
que de tristeza la noche lloro
fue tan extrao calle mi dolor
pero mi alma no se resistio
si te molesto
disculpame
De que te amo
no tengo ni una duda
pero es una tortura que me daa el corazon
mejor me marcho
con rumbo a mi fortuna
pidiendole a la luna que te llene de ilusion
para que siempre
seas feliz
y despues de la tormenta
sea yo...
El te besaba con tanta pasion
que de tristeza la noche lloro
fue tan extrao calle mi dolor
pero mi alma no se resistio
si te molesto
disculpame
De que te amo
no tengo ni una duda
pero es una tortura que me daa el corazon
mejor me marcho
con rumbo a mi fortuna
pidiendole a la luna que te llene de ilusion
para que siempre
seas feliz
y despues de la tormenta
sea yo..."
"957" "No se que me hace falta,
Para que t me quieras,
Aunque lo e intentado
de una y mil maneras.
Pero cupido no te atina ni un flechazo,
Y ya es rutina recibir de tu rechazo,
Y otra vez me duermo
sondote en mis brazos.
De mi amor te aprovechas,
Me tomas como un juego,
Tan solo soy el mago
que cumples tu deseos,
Pero cansado ya me tienen tus caprichos,
Ya no me basta que me quieras como amigo,
No crees que merezco
una noche contigo.
Porque no existe un idiota como yo
Que a ti se aferre y se trague el orgullo cuando le dices que no,
Que te perdone que lo quieras ver sufrir,
Y a que le cale tu dolor tal como a m,
Pero esta noche si no me dices que si,
Te juro que renuncio a todo
Y se bien que tu te vas arrepentir,
Al ver a otra susurrndome al odo,
Vas a sentir lo que es el miedo de perder
Al quien mas te ha querido.
De mi amor te aprovechas,
Me tomas como un juego,
Tan solo soy el mago que cumples tu deseos,
Pero cansado ya me tienen tus caprichos,
Ya no me basta que me quieras como amigo,
No crees que merezco,
una noche contigo."
"958" "Te vengo a pedir perdon, sin han llegado a molestarte
Mi actitud desesperada y mi afan de conquistarte
Esto es nuevo para mi, yo jamas habia rogado
Y aunque duelen tus rechazos, sigo mas que obsesionado
Es mi terco corazn, el que me exije buscarte
Y soar que un da de estos me vas a pedir besarte
Pero la fe y esperanza se me van desvaneciendo
Pues parece no importarte lo que por ti estoy sintiendo
[Chorus]
Ya no se si voy o vengo, me traes todo confundido
Porque se que existe alguien mas que quiere andar contigo
Tengo rabia y siento celos, nadamas de imaginarme
Que a el si le permitieras intentar enamorarte
Pero tengo que seguir, no caerme derrotado
Si es preciso doy la vida por llevarte de mi mano
Y aunque sufro por quererte al no ser correspondido
Tambien se que no es tu culpa que me quieras como amigo
[Bridge]
[Chorus]
Ya no se si voy o vengo, me traes todo confundido
Porque se que existe alguien mas que quiere andar contigo
Tengo rabia y siento celos, nadamas de imaginarme
Que a el si le permitieras intentar enamorarte
Pero tengo que seguir, no caerme derrotado
Si es preciso doy la vida por llevarte de mi mano
Y aunque sufro por quererte al no ser correspondido
Tambien se que no es tu culpa que me quieras como amigo"
"959" "Tal vez ahora siga igual
tal vez maana volveras
Tengo ganas de saber
a donde voy
me rei tranquilamente
como ayer
tengo ganas de volver a ser yo mismo
asi como era yo
contigo
tengo miedo no poder tocar tu piel
el camino hacia tus brazos ya olvide
tengo miedo que el fantasma del olvido
me arranque la ilusion
lo admito
Asi como admito que te amo y que me aferro
asi como nado en una alberca de silencio
donde ahogo sin tu amor
y muero
Tal vez ahora siga igual
tal vez maana volveras
Tal vez regrese mi cordura y tu recuerdo se llege a marchar
a donde fuiste
tu
donde no existe
luz
donde la vida no tiene principio ni tiene final
a donde sigues
tu
siempre tan bella
tu
donde los aos no tocan tu rostro ni te hacen cambiar
como he cambiado yo
junto con mi actitud
no me comparo hoy con lo que antes fui
Tal vez ahora siga igual
tal vez maana volveras
Tal vez regrese mi cordura y tu recuerdo se llege a marchar
a donde fuiste
tu
donde no existe
luz
donde la vida no tiene principio ni tiene final
a donde sigues
tu
siempre tan bella
tu
donde los aos no tocan tu rostro ni te hacen cambiar
como he cambiado yo
junto con mi actitud
no me comparo hoy con lo que antes fui"
"960" "Hay tantos espacios (coro) sobran tantos espacios desde que no estas
Todo mi mundo cambio hasta perdi su color, tengo por compaera la oscuridad
Solo me abraza el fri de tu ausencia hoy
Hoy los rayos del sol no calientan igual
Me haces falta en el aire para respirar
Vivo aferrado a un recuerdo y no tengo ms
Del pasado que se que ya no volver.
Hay tantas cosas que aun me recuerdan que no estas
Hay tanto espacio vaci, que aun nose como llenar
Es que dejaste una sombra en mi cuarto
y aparte el recuerdo de ti que me platica y se sienta a mi lado y me dice que no eres feliz
Y es que dejaste un espacio tan grande que no puedo llenar me falta todo y no encuentro a alguien que me ayude a olvidar
Y puede que esta llegue a no importar esto que estoy sintiendo hoy
Lo que me importa es este espacio tan fri y tan grande que solo lleno con tu nombre
Solo llenare con tu mirada
Hay tantas cosas que aun me recuerdan que no estas
Hay tanto espacio vaci, que aun nose como llenar
Es que dejaste una sombra en mi cuarto
Y parte el recuerdo de ti que me platica y se sienta a mi lado y me dice que no eres feliz
Y es que dejaste un espacio tan grande que no puedo llenar me falta todo y no encuentro a alguien que me ayude a olvidar
Y puede que esta llegue a no importar esto que estoy sintiendo hoy
Lo que me importa es este espacio tan fri y tan grande que solo lleno con tu nombre,
Que solo llenare contigo amor, Hay tantos espacios, hay tantos espacios"
"961" "Son tantos recuerdos que contigo forme,
llenaste mi vida de felicidad, y ilusion,
desde este dia quieres desaparecer
dejandome solo, un porque y un adios,
y no, no puede ser asi,
despues de tanto tiempo que nos adoramos, tu y yo.
Esque el amor no acaba con un simple adios
que tu me has entregado,
no puede terminar, si todo iva tan bien,
que nos esta pasando,
esque el amor no acaba aunque quieras fingir
no puedes ocultarlo,
me lo dicen tus ojos y mirar tus labios
como estan temblando.
y no, no puede ser asi,
despues de tanto tiempo que nos adoramos, tu y yo.
Esque el amor no acaba con un simple adios
que tu me has entregado,
no puede terminar, si todo iva tan bien,
que nos esta pasando,
esque el amor no acaba aunque quieras fingir
no puedes ocultarlo,
me lo dicen tus ojos y mirar tus labios
como estan temblando.
esque el amor no acaba, tan solo en un minuto,
nesesitas mil aos para olvidar, lo que nos hemos dado
esque el amor no acaba porque el amor no acaba.
porque el amor no acaba porque el amor no acaba..."
"962" "Ella es duena de mi pasado why mi presente
Ella se a encargado de
Darle un toque de que se yo
A mi vida aburrida {2x
Si no hubiese sido por ella
Donde estaria hoy
Ella siempre viaja a mi lado
Aun contra corriente (2x
Es a ella a quien devo darle gracias
Por aceptar defectos why manias
Ni cuatro vidas me alcansaria
Para decirle que es por ella... {2x
Que suelo con los dedos
Aranar estrellas
Si tengo mucho o poco se lo devo a ella
Recuerdo aquellos anos cuando
Descubrimos juntos que las deudas
No se pagan con risas
Que los suenos cuestan ansurjido problemas
Why siempre me alienta tan solo
De su mano encuentro la respuesta solo por ella.. (2x"
"963" "Espero que ests
contenta feliz
Resulta que despus de amarnos como locos simplemente dices que ah llegado el fin
Me duele tu adis
Pero el te ofreci
Un castillo de oro y yo solo mis sueos y un pequeo apartamento para dos
Procura fingir que nadie ah navegado por tu lindo cuerpo
Que nadie bes la cicatriz pequea que adorna tu espalda
Y pdele a Dios que si el te lleva al punto de araar el cielo
Que apague la voz para que no le grites mi maldito nombre
Y ojal el puo de diamantes que el te ah prometido
Soborne en tus ansias cuando sientas ganas de jugar con migo
Y que esos detalles se vuelvan cadenas de tus emociones
Para que no sufras el dolor que causan las desilusiones
Te prometo que nuestro romance morir en silencio
Yo haber como le hago pa' sanar del vicio de sentir tus labios
Rodar por mi piel besando cada espacio de mi anatoma
Brindndome vidas
Que triste aceptarlo, hoy pierdo a la reina
De mis fantasas."
"964" "Si estas pensando que te voy a rogar
debes saber que estas muy equivocada,
ya te has pasado muchasveces la raya
y mi paciencia se encuentra agotada,
terminada. El primer paso yo no lo voy a dar,
sigo tu rumbo si el orgullo te gana,
te juro que de veras eres extraa,
sabes que fallas pero no dices nada solo callas
si estas pensando muy en serio mi amor
que tus caprichos valen mas que los dos,
yo solamente un consejo te doy:
Llevate suficientes cosas mi amor porque el camino es largo
y yo no intento detenerte, que tengas mejor suerte,
me duele decir esto corazon pero yo se que tengo razon,
y asi como tu eres prefiero para siempre: un adios.
Si estas pensando muy en serio mi amor,
que tus caprichos valen mas que los dos
yo solamente un consejo te doy:
llevate suficientes cosas mi amor porque el camino es largo,
y yo no intento detenerte que tengas mejor suerte,
me duele decir esto corazon pero yo se que tengo razon
y asi como tu eres prefiero para siempre.
Llevate suficientes cosas mi amor porque el camino es largo
y yo no intento detenerte, que tengas mejor suerte
me duele decir esto corazon pero yo se que tengo
razon y asi como tu eres prefiero para siempre: un adios"
"965" "Tus palabras, tus manos
Y la forma en que me miras
Cuando me hablas, me atrapas
Me ganas y pierdo la batalla
Porque soy como no soy
Con las ganas de abrasarte, de besarte y de decirte lo que siento y lo intento y me arrepiento y luego vuelvo decidir y no me atrevo porque soy como no soy
(X2)
Y me siento un estupido porque no puedo decirte que te amo apesar de que te veo Tras adiaro no me atrevo a decirte
Que me gustas de hace tiempo
Vives en mi pensamientos
Que me muero por besarte
Que te amo mas que a nadie
Que me gustas de hace tiempo
Esperando este momento
De asercarme y confesarte
Que amarte fue inevitable
Dame una senal si es que no sientes como yo sacame de este infierno por favor
(x2)^"
"966" "Hablar de ti es como
hablar de la mas bella poesa
Hablar de ti es imposible
Porque no terminaria
Hablar de ti es desifrar
lo mas hermoso de la vida
Hablar de ti es inventar
lo que jamas existira
Que me llamen loco
si te amo es cosa mia
Porque al fin de cuentas
nunca nadie entenderia
que si vivo es para ti
si muero es por ti
Por que cada instante que
no tengo tu sonrisa significa un
instante de ilusion en donde doy
mi corazon, porque cada paso
esto ya no es un te quiero que
yo guardo solamente por amor
es tan real esta pasin
tu sombra va entre la gente entre
tu risa y mi dolor tan inocente
que no sabe ni quien soy
Hablar de ti es desifrar lo mas
hermoso de la vida
hablar de ti es inventar lo mas
hermoso que existira
Que me llamen loco
si te amo es cosa mia
Porque al fin de cuentas
nunca nadie entenderia
que si vivo es para ti
si muero es por ti
Porque cada instante que
no tengo tu sonrisa significa un
instante de ilusion en donde doy
mi corazon, porque cada paso
esto ya no es un te quiero que
yo guardo solamente por amor
es tan real esta pasin
tu sombra va entre la gente
entre tu risa y mi dolor tan
inocente que no sabe ni quien soy"
"967" "Mandame un poco de amor
De donde ests
Porque se que aun existes
El aire huele tanto a tu piel
Mandame un te quiero amor
No seas cruel
Solo para alimentar
Mis ojos que te quieren ver
Es tarde pero me doy cuenta
Que estaba mal acostumbrado
Me impuse a depender de ti
Y mrame ahora
Todo se ha derrumbado
Ya no quiero extraarte
Ni en sueos mirarte
Prefiero arrancarte de mi corazn
Ya no quiero pensarte
Ni imaginarte
Ni menos desearte en mi habitacin
Me duele tu ausencia
Lastima, me arde
Me he vuelto un desastre fuera de control
La gente murmura que soy un demente
Y lo peor del caso
Es que tienen la razn
Es tarde pero me doy cuenta
Que estaba mal acostumbrado
Me impuse a depender de ti
Y mrame ahora
Todo se ha derrumbado
Ya no quiero extraarte
Ni en sueos mirarte
Prefiero arrancarte de mi corazn
Ya no quiero pensarte
Ni imaginarte
Ni menos desearte en mi habitacin
Me duele tu ausencia
Lastima, me arde
Me he vuelto un desastre fuera de control
La gente murmura que soy un demente
Y lo peor del caso
Es que tienen la razn
ya no quisiera extraarte, ya no
ya no quiero extraarte
me converti en un demente y todo por extraarte"
"968" "Tantas caricias
tantas miradas que cruzaban nuestras almas
y tu sonrisa que iluminaba cuando mas me hacia falta
tantas mentiras es increible imaginar que no me amabas
puse mi vida en cada beso que jamas necesitabas
Y todas esas cosas quedaron encerradas
en el recuerdo, que me desgarra
Esta sufriendo el corazn, necesitando de tu amor
como que an no esta conciente de tu engao
y sigue necio con estar enamorado
Esta sufriendo el corazn y pide a gritos de dolor
que te suplique que regreses a mi lado
que me arrepienta de dejarte en mi pasado
Y todas esas cosas quedaron encerradas
en el recuerdo, que me desgarra
Esta sufriendo el corazn, necesitando de tu amor
como que an no esta conciente de tu engao
y sigue necio con estar enamorado
Esta sufriendo el corazn y pide a gritos de dolor
que te suplique que regreses a mi lado
que me arrepienta de dejarte en mi pasado
Porque presiente que tu sufres talvez igual..
 ms que yo
 ms que yo
 ms que yo
 ms que yo."
"969" ""
"970" "Al conocerte entend
Que mi destino era contigo
ramos dos locos sin nada que apostar
Que solo queran darse cario
Es que a tu lado descubr
Grandes secretos de la vida
Y que no hace falta una cama pa' soar
Cuando existe amor todo sobra en realidad..
Es tan hermoso caminar contigo
Porque a tu lado nunca estoy perdido
Vivo agradecido con el universo
Por eso lo digo..
Soy Un Hombre Con Suerte
Que besa una reina al despertase
Respirar de tu aire me hace disfrutar del da
Cada instante
Soy un tonto con suerte
Que tuvo la fortuna de encontrarte
El tesoro mas grande para mi es saber
Que existo para amarte..
( Msica )
Es tan hermoso caminar contigo
Porque a tu lado nunca estoy perdido
Vivo agradecido con el universo
Por eso lo digo..
Soy Un Hombre Con Suerte
Que besa una reina al despertase
Respirar de tu aire me hace disfrutar del da
Cada instante
Soy un tonto con suerte
Que tuvo la fortuna de encontrarte
El tesoro mas grande para mi es saber
Que existo para amarte..
Soy Un Hombre Con Suerte"
"971" "Puede que no te lo diga
tanto como debera
pero no lo sabes mi vida
como te extrao, los das que no estas conmigo
porque puede ser mi vida
satisfaccin infinita
este cario mi fuerza
y tu mirada la luz que tanto necesito
Tal vez parezca un imposible
pero extraarte en realidad
Es agona
pero desde hoy mi amor
yo le declaro la guerra al tiempo
desde hoy yo soy
el enemigo numero uno
de los das sin ti
y de los ratos sin tu amor
desde hoy
Tal vez parezca un imposible
pero extraarte en realidad
Es agona
pero desde hoy mi amor
yo le declaro la guerra al tiempo
desde hoy yo soy
el enemigo numero uno
desde hoy mi amor"
"972" ""
"973" "Que haras si te digo que te necesito...
Que haras si te digo que te necesito
tal vez preguntaras para donde voy
no busques la respuesta dentro de palabras
y escucha los latidos de mi corazon
Solos contigo puedo ver de frente
solo contigo siento esta pasion
porque contigo va la vida
porque contigo esta mi vida
Si la pared mas alta nos cubriera el paso
y lenta mente nos cubriera la la respiracin
te tomare tu mano y te dir sonriente
no hay nada mas valioso que tener tu amor
Solos contigo puedo ver de frente
solo contigo siento esta pasion
porque contigo va la vida
porque contigo esta mi vida
Tal vez en unos aos no ser tan fuerte
y tengas que acercarte para or mi voz
no pierdas la paciencia que te necesito
y escucho los latidos de mi corazon
Solos contigo puedo ver de frente
solo contigo siento esta pasion
porque contigo va la vida
porque contigo esta mi vida"
"974" "Un minuto mas y ya te iras
corrio tan rapido la aguja en el reloj
entre tanto adios y tanto amar
sin darnos cuenta nuestro tiempo se volo
Y ojala que vuelva igual de rapido
cuando ya te hayas ido,
cuando ya te hayas ido
para no sentir que muero de dolor
cuando no estes conmigo,
cuando no estes conmigo.
Porque no solamente tu te iras
con tu adios
tambien llevas un pedaso de mi alma y de mi vida
entre tu vida
sin contar los suenos y las ilusiones que se anidan .... en tu sonrisa
te voy a extranar
mi amor te voy a extranar
Y ojala que vuelva igual de rapido
cuando ya te hayas ido,
cuando ya te hayas ido
para no sentir que muero de dolor
cuando no estes conmigo,
cuando no estes conmigo.
Porque no solamente tu te iras
con tu adios
tambien llevas un pedaso de mi alma y de mi vida
entre tu vida
sin contar los suenos y las ilusiones que se anidan .... en tu sonrisa
te voy a extranar
mi amor te voy a extranar
Un minuto mas y ya te iras
un minuto mas
un minuto mas"
"975" "La paloma esta en el aire
va saliendo de la sierra
y hace unos cuantos minutos
que brincamos la padrera
nos veremos en Serralvo
eso es todo cambio y fuera.
En la base de los guachos
todo se estaba grabando
y un sargente poderoso
comentaban los soldados
esta noche nadie duerme
todos vamos a turnarnos.
El reloj marco las 10
y un soldado se escapaba
de la base militar
para hacer una llamada
oiga jefe saben todo
mejor cambien la jugada.
Ya tendra su recompensa
soldado Pedrito Gomez
regrese y pongase alerta
con el sargento y sus hombres
si alguna duda lo asecha
ya mi clave la conose.
Como a las 12 seria
escanearon otro enlace
se le avisaba al piloto
hay cuervos en el alambre
vete hasta la riberea
para el otro aterrizaje.
El sargento nunca supo
de donde vino el pitazo
y un soldado en su cuartel
tiene un millon bajo el brazo
la paloma ha atrrizado
como siempre sin fracaso."
"976" "Era mujer muy hermosa
nativa de santa rosa
la que atendia alos clinetes
sabian que no era doncella
por esa mujer tan bella
se mataron dos valientes
un teniente coronel
que un dia llego al vurdel
se encapricho con sarita
en mi caballo lusero
a esa mujer me la llebo
nomas por ser tan bonita
no contaba el militar
que ahi estaba baltazar
que la amaba intensamente
para llebarce a sarita
tiene que matarme ahorita
usted dira mi teniente
aque te atienes muchacho
seguro que andas borracho
quitate de mi camino
por toda la luz de el dia
te juro que sara es mia
ese sera su destino
la gente con mucho apuro
buscaba un lugar seguro
iban a sacar los fierros
sara quiso intervenir
para no verlos morrir
pero no hubo otro remedio
Las dos escuadras tronaron
dos hombres se acribillaron
por el amor de sarita
la historia se a repetido
dos valientes que se han ido
por una mujer bonita"
"977" ""
"978" "Te sent tan cerca
Te sent tan fuerte
As como eras t
Eran tus ojos inconfundibles
Era tu sonrisa
No gaste un momento
Me abras a tu cuerpo
Hasta no ver la luz
Por un instante sent tenerte
Para siempre
Platicamos tanto
De lo que sentimos
De lo que extraamos
Que hasta olvidamos
Que volver a vernos
Solo fue un milagro
Se fue la luna
Pero vino el sol
Tan solo a recordarme
Que todo es incierto
Que un da ms
Debo vivir sin ti
Que otra vez
Tengo que luchar con este miedo
Y una vez ms
Voy a sacar las fuerzas
De mis sueos"
"979" "Estar contigo asi me ha hecho comprender que nada soy sin ti
que temo enloquecer porque no se que hacer conmigo
te extrao mucho mas aun cuando no estas
y aun cuando hace frio
platico con tu voz tan debil
como yo y percibo
que no hago falta yo lo se
que me haces dao por placer
eres tu que se ha irrumpido en nuestras vidas
ve derecho me demuestra sus heridas
ella es tan fuerte y no como tu
CORO
Porque no te marchas y regresas otra vez
sabes me arrodillo verte amor
y es que te has vuelto no se quien
Porque no me abrazas y me pides que este bien
es tan importante tu actitud
crece tu llanto y en tu piel
yo me reflejo con tantas dudas
y espero ansioso que me digas ven
Te extrao mucho mas aun cuando ........
(se repite)
CORO"
"980" "Tengo que aceptar la realidad,
no es fcil de decir,
entrado en llanto y no de ms
no eras para mi.
Una maana descubr
que el calendario tuvo fin,
y reemplazarlo ya era necesario al fin,
la luz brillaba sobre mi,
me hacas falta pa' vivir,
es que el idiota en el espejo estaba solo.
Tan solo que pensaba que nunca te ped,
que se detuvo el tiempo solamente para mi,
tan solo porque amaba tu forma de rer,
y como no extraarte en el espejo junto a mi.
Tengo que aceptar la realidad,
no es fcil de decir,
entrado en llanto y no de ms
no eras para mi.
Una maana descubr
que el calendario tuvo fin,
y reemplazarlo ya era necesario al fin,
la luz brillaba sobre mi,
me hacas falta pa' vivir,
es que el idiota en el espejo estaba solo.
Tan solo que pensaba que nunca te ped,
que se detuvo el tiempo solamente para mi,
tan solo porque amaba tu forma de rer,
y como no extraarte en el espejo junto a mi.
Tengo que aceptar la realidad,
no es fcil de decir,
entrado en llanto y no de ms
no eras para mi."
"981" "Me rehus a olvidarme de ti
En mi vida haba querido a nadie tanto
No existe borrador para borrar mi mente
tus races no se arrancan fcilmente.
Te aseguro que aun piensas en mi
Hay secretos que pudieran delatarte
Hay escenas en tu mente y en mi mente
Tus excusas pa que no vengas a verme.
Olvidame tu
Mandame a el demonio y
Celebra nuestra ruptura con otro
Te di tanto amor
Que se te hizo poco
Olvidame tu
Por que yo aun te adoro.
Olvidame tu
Borra de tu cuerpo todos
Eso besos y las travesuras
Todo lo que hicimos
Cuando estaba a obscuras
Olvdalo tu
Hermosa criatura.
Olvidame tu
Mandame a el demonio y
Celebra nuestra ruptura con otro
Te di tanto amor
Que se te hizo poco
Olvidame tu
Por que yo aun te adoro.
Olvidame tu
Borra de tu cuerpo todos
Eso besos y las travesuras
Todo lo que hicimos
Cuando estaba a obscuras
Olvdalo tu
Hermosa criatura.
Y olvida tambin
Que ya me diste la luna de miel
Por adelantado
Que supuestamente bamos a casarnos"
"982" "Toda la gente me declara loco, que soy muy extrao, tengo razn.
Que me la paso como en otro mundo, murmurando al viento:
\"Quiero verla hoy\".
Y es que fui vctima de su mirada, puedo jurar que ya no s quien soy.
Su forma de hablar me llena de alboroto, parece llevarme a un paraso
hermoso.
No puedo evitar caer entre sus brazos y ser un esclavo de sus labios
rojos.
La magia y ternura dentro de sus ojos me hacen vibrar y siento que me
ahogo.
Alegra completamente mis sentidos, que dulce saber que soy un
pobre loco.
Y es que fui vctima de su mirada, puedo jurar que ya no s quien soy.
Su forma de hablar me llena de alboroto, parece llevarme a un paraso
hermoso.
No puedo evitar caer entre sus brazos y ser un esclavo de sus labios
rojos.
La magia y ternura dentro de sus ojos me hacen vibrar y siento que me
ahogo.
Alegra completamente mis sentidos, que dulce saber que soy un
pobre loco.
Su forma de hablar me llena de alboroto, parece llevarme a un paraso
hermoso.
No puedo evitar caer entre sus brazos y ser un esclavo de sus labios
rojos.
La magia y ternura dentro de sus ojos me hacen vibrar y siento que me
ahogo.
Alegra completamente mis sentidos, que dulce saber que soy un
pobre loco."
"983" "Ya no pienso mantener este cario-ayayayyy- ya no pienso mantener este cario-mientras me parto el alma-te das la vida de placeres-why yo en mis desvelos sufriendo por amor-why ahora resulta-why ahora resulta-que porque soy lo que soy-te vas de mi lado-si lo mejor de tu vida-lo mejor de tu vida-se te escapa de las manos-pero quien te entiende-ni tu te comprendes-ni sabes que hacer-quieres que la mujer se someta a su hombre-por algo a de ser-yo estaba dispuesta a darte mi vida-pero una mujer como yo-pero una mujer como yo-no te mereces-ya no finjas a tus hijos el cario-porque se que no te duele-hasta disfrutaste hacerlo-son mas mos eso no te quede duda-a mi me doli tenerlos-why hasta tengo quien los cuide- pero quien te entiende-ni tu te comprendes-ni sabes que hacer-quieres que la mujer se someta a su hombre-por algo a de ser-yo estaba dispuesta a darte mi vida-pero una mujer como yo-pero una mujer como yo-no te mereces-te quedo grande la yegua-te quedo grande la yegua-why a mi-why a mi-me falto jinete."
"984" "Ella decidio marcharse para no volver
Echo su ropa y su tristeza en las maletas
Estaba harta de los pleitos y los sueos
Que se alejan
Ella reflejaba tanto lo que nunca fue
Habia tanto sentimiento por doquiera
Pero el hambiente de aquel dia no era
Para que se fuera
(Semi-chorus)
Era tan insinuante su manera de llorar
No queriando marcharse se alejaba lentamente
Y el mirando como un tonto
La dejo escapar
(chorus)
Entonces comprendi que fue el error
De no escuchar su corazon
Y retenerla entre sus brazos
Para no perder su amor
Entonces comprendi que se alejo
Llevando tanta desepcion
Enamorada de aquel tonto
Que jamas le demostro
Este amor que aun me quema por las venas
Porque te amo mas que nunca
Aunque no lo sepas"
"985" "I wasn't born to no rich mans home
always spent most of my time alone
some folks'll say they never saw me smile
that I was born to old - to be a child
[chorus]
but for a while there was you
strong enough to pull me through
for a while there was you
sometimes that past's - too hard to lose
with a face that never bore no stress
it was the way you smoked that cigarette
lived life in the present tense
but in your eyes i was just a child
when you lost your job and went out west
oh you went out there on weightless steps
[chorus]
[bridge]
you were called the tragic sister giving nothing but a sigh
though the winter on the river overshadowed your goodbyes
spending late nights by the mirror, ain't the snowfall left you sleepless
burning money like a picture all that's left right now is time
[chorus]"
"986" "Whoah oh oh oh
whoah oh oh oh
His name is Jeremy, working in IT
Never questions why he has always been
an extremely careful guy sensitive and shy
risk assessment is his investment in a life of no surprise
till she walked into his life
She spontaneous indeed uncertaintys her creed
She has always been nither black or white
just a curious delight
She threw affection in his direction a collection of her smiles
and to his surprise
she's like tomorrow oh so distant she just wants to play
like tomorrow she is always one day away
all the time she slips away its close but yet so far
it's time to follow her tomorrow whoah oh oh oh
time to follow her tomorrow whoah oh oh
He fell for her to fast we all thought it wouldn't last
cos good ol Jeremy likes his rigorous routine
cause he only thinks today but tomorrow is a way
to find a new direction and you'll be okay
she's like tomorrow oh so distant she just wants to play
like tomorrow she is always one day away
all the time she slips away its close but yet so far
it's time to follow her tomorrow oh oh oh oh
Time to follow her tomorrow oh oh oh oh
Time to follow her tomorrow oh oh oh oh
Time to follow her tomorrow oh oh oh oh
she's like tomorrow oh so distant she just wants to play
like tomorrow she is always one day away
one day away one day away
one day away one day away
all the time she slips away its close but yet so far
it's time to follow her tomorrow oh oh oh oh
it's time to follow her tomorrow oh oh oh oh
Time to follow her tomorrow"
"987" "Before the autumn's wake
Before the night blooms
Beyond last pure snowflakes
I'll melt with winter
Cause winter is that fake
Please let me find you
Before the aegean rains fall down sure
Ida will see the sun no more
Beyond the ocean waves
I know there's someone
Who waits for me"
"988" "Crows in the sky
I'll drown in my glory
And you'll feel me when it's done
The roads that i've lost
Tell my whole story
As loud as a sigh
I'm the pawn in the streets ,can't back down
I'm the king in the streets ,can't fall down
Ooh when will i slide slowly up to the light"
"989" "I'm the one who is lost in the mirror
Lost to feel which part is chosen to stay behind
I'm the spark but cannot burn forever
I'm the man who is shot by the rain
I'm the fuss each time waking in another tunnel
Feeling blind until I find the exit light
Time is ticking in my head for what matter
I'm the man who is shot by the rain
Steady thoughts are getting strong and tangled
And I'm the one collecting signs from the clouds
Point is high, distance is too far to fester
I'm the man who is shot by the rain"
"990" "Stuck in limbo
Count to 34
Ache your crumbling soul
You're a whale in a little fish bowl
Unlock leaky doors
Reveal blurry goals
One day you'll be yours
You're a whale in a little fish bowl
Sometimes it's hard to go back ,
Hard to go back to the ocean
Sometimes it's hard to go back ,
Hard to go back to the blue ocean
Stuck in limbo count 2 3 4
Ache your crumbling soul, you're a whale
Stuck in limbo count to 34
Get your crawling soul up, you're a whale"
"991" "Stay awake my enslaved mind
You will be solved again and do whatever they want
Turn away my shut-in heart
You heard the voice down there
Keeps resounding in your skull
Away off shore
Drifting reverse the course
Where's the hill I belong
What makes wings heal, makes them grow
Where's the dream I split off and float
Flames rise over to blind
And these tame owls will never fly that high
Roll your falling and loaded dice
You're drifting and pulling the sky
But there will be time to face it"
"992" "Ooh that's the light that makes me a fool
Ooh that's your right and that is wrong
You may tease me while I'm around
Cause I'm no longer your delight
Everytime you break this hopeful screaming
Eyes deny the butterflies and seek the night
Don't show me how you dig this hole
The end must be tough and unknown
Our mystery is just mythical
Our faith is placed in last chances
Everytime you break this hopeful screaming
Eyes deny the butterflies and seek the night"
"993" "Im an orphan
On Gods highway
And Ill share my troubles
If you go my way
I have no mother
No father
No sister
No brother
I am an orphan child
Ive had friendships
Children holding
A thousand kinships
Have not known them
Ive known no mother
No father
No sister
No brother
I am an orphan child
Blessed Savior
If Youre willing
Walk beside me
Til Im with Him
Be my mother
My father
My sister
My brother
I am an orphan child
When He calls me
I will be able
To meet my family
At Gods table
Ill meet my mother
My father
My sister
My brother
No more an orphan child"
"994" ""
"995" "Were you there when they crucified my Lord?
Were you there when they crucified my Lord?
Oh! Sometimes it causes me to tremble, tremble,
tremble
Were you there when they crucified my Lord?
Were you there when they nailed hi to the tree...
Were you there when they pierced him in the side
Were you there when the sun refused to shine...
Were you there when they laid him i the tomb..."
"996" ""
"997" ""
"998" ""
"999" ""
"1000" ""
"1001" ""
"1002" ""
"1003" ""
"1004" ""
"1005" ""
"1006" ""
"1007" ""
"1008" ""
"1009" ""
"1010" ""
"1011" "He packed up his guitar
And drove Wednesday through Sunday
And sometimes played three shows a day
The modern lone rider, he dreamed of Ohio
And his doe-eyed Arabian bay
And how they'd go racing out on the hillside
In the cool closing twilight of day
Old friends together in thunderous freedom
Just the man and the wind and the bay.
Well, sometimes they'd ride down by the river
And the bay always stopped there to drink
In the still of the evening
The horse seemed contented
And the man used the time just to think.
And in the cold winds of winter
He's drawn to the barn
By some irresistable force
With carrots and a blanket
There's nothing more binding
Than the love of a man for his horse.
The call of the highway, how it would beckon
He kept going back out of course
And in the deep of the night
When the miles were the hardest
He just figured he drove for the horse.
And in all life's relations one thing stays the same
Never take more than you will repay
So we count the score even
'cause the miles he had driven
Were for miles that he rode on the bay.
They grew old together, got too old to ride
But just look at the seeds that they'd sowed
They'd walk out in the pasture, stand side by side
And stare off at the hills where they'd growed.
And of all God's creations here under heaven
There's many I can't understand
One beautiful mystery that I at least witnessed
Was the love of a horse for a man."
"1012" ""
"1013" ""
"1014" "Who can tell just how it starts
Angry words and broken hearts
Till silently we sit apart
You and I
But in awhile the anger's gone
And we forget who's right or wrong
Then one of us will end it all
With just a smile
We believe in happy endings
Never breaking
Only bending
Taking time enough for mending
The hurt inside
We believe in new beginnings
Giving in
And forgiving
We believe happy endings
You and I
Just a word is all it takes
And so it pass
The silence breaks
And looking back it makes us ache
For what we've done
And so we cling together now
And wonder why we're oh so proud
When all that matters anyhow
Is our love
We believe in happy endings
Never breaking
Only bending
Taking time enough for mending
The hurt inside
We believe in new beginnings
Giving in
And forgiving
We believe in happy endings
You and I"
"1015" "Rollin' rollin' on these rubber wheels
Someday baby you'll know how it feels
To be broken hearted and to be left all alone
These wheels were made round to roll
And i'll keep rollin' on
When I left you I told you son you ain't satisfied
The last time when I left home you laughed while I cried
You think you're pretty smart right now but I'll show you sometime
Go on and have your fun while I roll on down the line
Rollin' rollin' on these rubber wheels
Someday baby you'll know how it feels
To be broken hearted and to be left all alone
These wheels were made round to roll
And i'll keep rollin' on
Now there's a little stop ahead and things'll pick up now
A cup of coffee and two blue eyes and one to keep somehow
Go on and have your fun don't worry none about me
You play the game of thinking lost and now you're fancy free"
"1016" "I met a man in Richmond
Laid out on the street
White lightning in a bottle
Discarded at his feet
This dirty broken derelect
Could barely speak my name
He raised his head and looked my way
The words they slowly came
Play Dixie for me, Billy
I'll hold my head up proud
Sing about them fields of cotton
Sing it for me loud
Sing about the Bullruns
Sing about the day
I shot my brother dressed in blue
While I was dressed in grey
We marched out from Manassas
Cannons on our tail
Set fire to the cornfields
Tore up all the rails
Met up at the Bullrun
Neither broke away
The ballad of the bullrun
Told in blue and grey
They marched us down to Vicksburg
By then we didn't care
It didn't matter where we went
Our death was in the air
I had a couple brothers
And each of them would say
As one would shoot the other
A prayer for blue and grey"
"1017" "Often times in my memories I wondered again
To the little old church by the road
I could see the dear people and hear them so plain
Singing songs of that blessed dear Lord
I could hear my dear mother as she formidably prayed
Blessed Jesus help me carry my load
She was never downhearted never dismayed
In that little old church by the road
[Chorus]
There my mother would pray
And my sister was saved
Singing sinners come and repent of your sins
There the angels were crowded and the sisters would shout out
And the bread was saved amen
It was there I met Jesus and gave him my life
It was there he took the weight off my load
And he freely removed all my sorrow and strife
In that little old church by the road
I remember the preacher so gentle and brave
As he told how the father above
Gave his only son Jesus all the lost ones to save
Such wonderful wonderful love
I will always remember when the preacher would say
Come to Jesus he'll lighten your load
So often he preached of the life giving bread
In that little old church by the road
[Chorus]
I could never forget all those lovely old songs
That the people so joyfully sang
How they told the Lord's message to sinners gone wrong
And the echoes so joyfully rang
I would always remember how I truly believed
Jesus took all the weight off my load
And the joy of salvation I truly received
In that little old church by the road
[Chorus]"
"1018" "I once had a mansion and lived in my glory
But now I'm down to my last dime
I had a sweetheart but I was unfaithful
Oh I've lived a lot in my time
I fought the grim reaper down in the dark valley
Prayed when the sun wouldn't shine
I've looked through the bars of a cold lonely prison
Yes, I've lived a lot in my time
I've been a soldier and I've been a rambler
Once thought that everything was fine
I've put in the cornfields, I've picked in the cotton
Yes I've lived a lot in my time
I've walked with our Master down in the dark valley
And wonderful peace I did find
Someday I'll journey to Eden's green pastures
I've lived a lot in my time"
"1019" ""
"1020" ""
"1021" ""
"1022" "In a pawn shop in Chicago
On a sunny summer day
A couple gazes at the wedding rings
There on display
She smiles and nods her head
As he says, \"Honey that's for you
It's not much, but it's the best
That I can do\"
Golden rings with one tiny little stone
Waiting there for someone to take you home
By itself it's just a cold metallic thing
Only love can make a golden wedding ring
In a little wedding chapel later on that afternoon
An old upright piano plays that old familiar tune
Tears roll down her cheeks
And happy thoughts run through her head
As he whispers low, \"With this ring, I thee wed\"
Golden ring with one tiny little stone
Shining ring now at last it's found a home
By itself it's just a cold metallic thing
Only love can make a golden wedding ring
In a small two room apartment
As they fought their final round
He says, \"You won't admit it
But I know you're leavin' town\"
She says, \"One thing's for certain
I don't love you any more\"
And throws down the ring
As she walks out the door
Golden ring with one tiny little stone
Cast aside like the love that's dead and gone
By itself it's just a cold metallic thing
Only love can make a golden wedding ring
In a pawn shop in Chicago
On a sunny summer day
A couple gazes at the wedding rings
There on display
Golden ring"
"1023" ""
"1024" "Well a big cardboard suitcase and a four-year old buick
Well aint's this a hell of a life
A hot Texas farm road and some quality foot wear
And me with three kids and a wife
Well, Rose, it ain't easy, cause I do get lonesome
And I know it's a sad thing to say
It's easy forgetting your wife and your family
When you're five hundred miles away
Well, Rose, if you hear me try to forgive me
Cause i feel it coming on me again
Come saturday night I'll be in El Paso
With Carolyn at hte broken wheel Inn
The driveway needs paving and monday's your birthday
And the kids all need new shoes agian
But hot damn my soul I'll spend twenty dollars
With Carolyn at the broken wheel Inn"
"1025" ""
"1026" ""
"1027" ""
"1028" ""
"1029" "There's an old church so dear, standing lonesome and still
And in memory it's still to me
A place still so sweet for I heard as a boy
The old hymn Near my God to thee
Oh, the wonderful, beautiful memories untold
Oh, the m-e-m-o-r-i-e-s, untold
Of an old fashioned church, yes Oak Grove Church of old
Oak g-r-o-v-e Church of old
Will live on till the end of time
For my wonderful, heavenly Saviour was there
S-a-v-i-o-r was there
Each time, yes each time that old church bell would toll
Each time the bell tolled
Looking for his lost sheep to find
There I heard Daddy pray and I heard Mother sing
With the tears runing down their face
Many now have passed on, who's souls there were saved
While we all sang Amazing Grace"
"1030" ""
"1031" ""
"1032" "Once I had a darling mother though I can't recall her name
I had a baby brother who I'll never see again
For the Children's Home is sending us out on the Orphan Train
To try to find someone to take us in
Cho: Take us in, we have rode the Orphan Train
Take us in, we need a home, we need a name
Take us in, oh won't you be our kin?
We are looking for someone to take us in
I have stolen from the poorbox, I have begged the city streets
I've swabbed the bars and poolrooms for a little bite to eat
In my daddy's old green jacket and these rags upon my feet
I've looking for someone to take me in
The Children's Home, they gathered us, me and all the rest
They us to sit quietly until the food was blessed
Then they put us on the Orphan Train and sent us way out West
To try to find someone to take us in
The farmers and the families, they came from miles around
We lined up on the platform of the station in each town
And one by one we parted, like some living lost-and-found
And one by one, we all were taken in
Now there's many a fine doctor or a teacher in your school
There's many a good preacher who can teach the golden rule
Who started out an orphan sleeping in the freezing rain
Whose life began out on the Orphan Train."
"1033" ""
"1034" "CAYO HUESO
Words and Music Chris Foster
January 29, 2003
The dreamland of the world is on an island
The Indians were the first to stake their claim
The Spaniards came along And found a lot of bones
And discovered it already had a name
They called it Cayo Hueso They came to Cayo Hueso
It was Cayo Hueso It was the king of Spain's
It was Cayo Hueso When they first reached Cayo Hueso
It was Cayo Hueso Because Skeleton's remained.
Wreckers were a rich part of its history
Running after ships that were going down
The first to get there claimed the loot.
Totally legal and all To Boot!
Then they'd bring the goods to auction in the town.
Down in Cayo hueso coral reef off Cayo Hueso
Down in Cayo Hueso Ships in storms were often doomed
Down in Cayo Hueso legal pirates Cayo Hueso
Down in Cayo Hueso the wrecking business boomed
Instrumental:
90 miles north of Havana exist another world
the locals march to the beat of their own drum
this little piece of paradise has everything you need
you'll never want to leave it when you come.
The locals call themselves the conch republic
For they seceded from the union where others tried and failed
Dennis Wardlow took some bread and Broke it on a sailors head
Then surrendered to the Admiral. What a story that is to tell.
Only in Cayo Hueso Conch republic Cayo Hueso
Come on to Cayo Hueso. Through a road block asinine.
All in Cayo Hueso, South of Homestead Cayo Hueso
Come to Cayo Hueso, Skeeters last chance was the line
Down in Cayo Hueso historic cayo hueso
Down in Cayo Hueso is where I want to stay
The town of Cayo Hueso I just love Cayo Hueso
I go to Cayo Hueso to chase my blues away!"
"1035" "The Last train to Paradise
Words and Music Chris Foster
copyright 2003 Chris Foster Music Publishing
What was known as a modern day marvel
A great railroad that crossed over sea
It defied all the whitecaps and the deep coral bed
And linked the whole world to the keys
Who should take on this lofty endeavor?
But a man who they said was obsessed
Who'd made millions of dollars refining crude oil
Now his focus was on reaching Key West
Skeptics and cynics who used pens as their lances
Took cheap shots at him and asked what were the chances
That the railroad you're building make good on the quest
Of rolling over the ocean right into Key West?
The Last train to paradise
They'd dubbed Flagler's folly for the use of a knife
Undeterred by their antics Henry went on with life
And drew up the plans for the last train to paradise.
It all started when he first came to Florida
His friends told him that he should retire
You could live off your wealth till the end of your days
But inside Henry still had his fire.
He said this place aint what it could be
With the weather so nice all year round
So I'll buy up the Halifax/ Jacksonville rail
And track it south from town to town.
We'll track over rivers and track over streams
We'll track over farmland and other mans dreams
We'll track it through mangroves and track it through the fields
And were we can't track we will dredge for the fill
We'll build the last train to paradise
New towns and new hotels where the weather is nice
Right on to Fort Dallas where they suffer no ice
He continued to build the last train to paradise.
When the railroad got as far south as Homestead.
They thought Henry, had then done his best
But in the back of his brain a notion remained
To take the railroad right on to Key West.
Where Deep water awaited the liners
and shipping trades to the canal.
But what stood in his way was the great Biscayne bay
And an inlet that spanned 7 miles.
Faced with the fact that he had to cross ocean
He put all his engineers minds into motion
Devising a plan to extend the great line
By building a sea bridge one arch at a time.
The last train to paradise
Rolled over the ocean against all advice
Almost in defiance he didn't think twice
He had completed the last train to paradise.
Mother nature had dealt him some losses
Hurricanes in 0 6 9 and 10
But his vision stayed strong and he vowed to go on
In the memory of the losses men
After 7 long years to completion
He rolled south in his car 91
He enjoyed every mile with a big eager smile
Because impossible things had been done
And the skeptics and cynics who had used pens as their lances
Were in awe of the man who had met their advances
Henry answered all questions and passed all the test
When the conductor yelled now arriving key west
The last train to paradise
Built with muscle and sweat and a vision precise
Unparalleled by what he accomplished in life
A divine inspiration. The Last train to paradise"
"1036" "The Storm of the Century
(the 1935 Labor Day hurricane song)
Words and music by Chris Foster January 9th 2003.
The keys are the islands along Florida Bay
There a paradise found for most all.
The locals all live the fine life everyday
Only few still alive may recall.
About the sea and its fury when it was torn by the gales
And how nothing could stand in its way
Saltwater canyons made of 30 feet swales
That came ashore one labor day
The pressure was falling the tides on the move.
It was nothing liked we'd ever seen
Winds from the north waves from the south
And a small piece of land in between.
We boarded up windows, pulled in our boats
Made our havens as safe as could be
We couldn't imagine what was to be
Everything would end up in the sea.
II.	The storm started coming the pressure was dropping
Large waves started hitting the beach
Lighting was flashing, timbers were flying
And safety was clear out of reach.
The railroad was sent from south of Miami
To rescue us but to no avail
A wave washed the train cars right off of the track
And it ate 30 miles of the rail
The wind knock me over I grabbed my sister
And she clang to me for her young life
She couldn't hang on despite fear in her eyes
And her fingernails digging like knives
I whispered I love you as she drifted away
Then some sand blasted me in the eye
I found refuge on the top of a tree
placed there by the 20 foot tide.
III	I awoke the next morning after being unconscious
The storm of the century had past
The slow falling rain mixed with tears in my eyes
As I wondered who all didn't last
No blade of grass no tree left standing
Every building was washed out to sea
Dazed and confused I stood comprehending
What my eyes told me to see.
Where is my family, where is my home
They were nowhere in sight, someone said
I sat by the water with my head in my hands
Wondering if I was better off dead?
I had to go on, they needed my help
As we mournfully stacked all the dead
We all said a prayer then we lit them on fire
Its an image that won't leave my head
IV.	Great walls of water swallowed some whole
In a battle between God and Man
Four hundred twenty three lives were the toll
And I will never quite understand
An 18-foot monument stands off US 1
With remains of so many who died.
Words of remembrance with the date etched in bronze
September 2nd 1935
I am so lucky that I'm hear to retell
God gave me a final reprieve
Nothing short of a miracle surviving the gales
As I desperately held to a tree
Now I share the memory with family and friends
Sleepless nights sure have riddled my life
Remembering all of the lives lost that day
Is a memory that cuts like a knife."
"1037" "Holy Water
Words and Music Chris Foster
copyright January 1, 2003
Strumming all my toys
Is like drinking holy water
Making lots of noise
Is like drinking holy water
Everything I am
Everything I see
Helps me understand
Deep inside?. I gotta be me.
A tune to cure the soul
Is like drinking holy water
A song can make you whole
Like you're drinking holy water
2nd Chorus
The truth is in your heart
You have a song to sing
Uncovering your soul
You find the key?.. to everything
Time to sing along
Time to drink up holy water
Time to be reborn
Time to drink up holy water
Everything I am
Everything I see
Helps me understand
Deep inside?. I gotta be me."
"1038" "Charles Gibbs
Words and Music Chris Foster
Copyright May 3rd 2003
Terror on the high seas wrought by Charles Gibbs
Brandishing his sword in pirate fame
For wealth that surfed the currents between the old world and the new
Countless were the victims that he claimed
A modus operandi of debauchery and greed
No prisoners were the words of his command
A cruel and vicious person with a gross incessant need
To claim the life of every single hand
Chorus
They would hoist their mighty sails under the black flag
Catch a trade wind to their date with infamy
On a mission to destroy every time that they deployed
They lived a vile evil life of treachery
He sailed the Florida Straits searching for his prey
Stealing all the treasures from their fold
This madman on a mission would abscond with what he claimed
Pavilion key was where he stored his gold.
His ship would pull along side and tie their ropes to fore and aft
They'd swing aboard with lust and greedy hearts
They'd rape and murder woman and torture all the men
Then throw their bloody carcass to the sharks.
Repeat chorus
Sax solo
To romanticize a pirate is to make a mockery of life
The Dark ages from our past in maritime
But good traverses evil, so let the record show
Charles Gibbs was hung at the age 29
Repeat Chorus"
"1039" "Widow's Walk
Words and music Chris Foster
The storm clouds draped on the horizon
An his love climbed the stairs so she could see
On the second story perch of her protection
She blew him a kiss as he wandered off to sea.
The captain told him be on board by morning
The catch is running now, he knew he had to go
In about a day she will see him coming home
Through the inlet where the boats go to and fro
I will wait for my love in the morning
I will wait for my love in the day.
From on top of the roof from my widow's walk
I'll be wishing all your stormy clouds away
Sailors dance on mother natures cool clear waters
Spend the springtime of their lives in her fold
Sailors songs have been sung for thousands of years
But the widows story's rarely ever told
On cold dark nights she'll linger up ---- to her rooftop
Grasp the wooden rail with boney shaky hands
The salty air caresses worried cheeks of sorrow
As she ask her God to help understand
I will wait for your love in the sunshine
I will wait for your love in the rain
From on top of the roof from my widow's walk
I will wait for my love to come again
Solo
The time has come and gone for him to be home now
Another sleepless night upon her breast
Maybe it's the season or maybe some bad weather
But either way I will not get my rest.
I will wait for my love in the springtime
I will wait for my love in the fall
From on top of the roof from my widows walk
I'll wait until I hear your angel call.
Copyright 2002 Chris Foster Music December 25, 2002"
"1040" "Rolling over the highway
Chris Foster
February 5, 2003
Rolling over the highway Got the wind in my hair
While the sun is shining brightly down upon my face
Looking for an adventure Or for any old reason
That will lead me on a new exciting chase
I cant slow down I still have a lot to see
I'll blaze my path of glory from sea to shining sea.
Rolling over the highway
Rolling over the highway With the top of my car pulled down
While the radio is playing is turning back the years
Fingers tapping the dashboard Changing radio stations
Singing all the songs that are pleasing to my ears.
I've traveled through the countryside and I've seen a lot of towns
And I've waved hello to strangers when I've have my window down
Rolling over the highway
And I would take a trip to anywhere
As long as you were with me, I wouldn't have a care
Freedom must be wrestled from the grips of your existence
It doesn't take a miracle it only takes persistence.
Instrumental
Rolling over the highway Looking for a tomorrow
That only yesterday was impossible to see
Escaping to a forever Defining each moment
And accepting what it is I'm meant to be.
Heading to my future with my dream clutched in my hand
Arriving at the destiny of what it is I am
Rolling over the highway."
"1041" "Walk down the road eyes on my feet
Out of the window came an easy beat
A love song hit me like a bolt out of the blue
Made me realise for the first time ever
We've never been apart, every second we're together
It dawned on me, hey babe, has it dawned on you?
Like Bogey and Bacall
Scarlett and Rhett
A little like Romeo and Juliet
And some other couple we ain't heard of yet
We're crazy and madly and deeply and truly and wildly and easy in love
Like me and you
Me and you
Ordering in, tuning out
Always having so much we can talk about
Lying 'round in pajamas in the middle of the afternoon
Knowing what you're thinking just before you think
Saying it all with a nod and a wink
Turning out the light and switching off the evening news
Like Bogey and Bacall
Scarlett and Rhett
A little like Romeo and Juliet
And some other couple we ain't heard of yet
We're crazy and madly and deeply and truly and wildly and easy in love
Like me and you
Me and you
Hold my hand and look into my eyes
Babe you're all I've needed
Now I got you by my side
Like Bogey and Bacall
Scarlett and Rhett
A little like Romeo and Juliet
And some other couple we ain't heard of yet
We're crazy and madly and deeply and truly and wildly and easy in love
Like Bogey and Bacall
Scarlett and Rhett
A little like Romeo and Juliet
And some other couple we ain't heard of yet
We're crazy and madly and deeply and truly and wildly and easy in love
Crazy and madly and deeply and truly and wildly and easy in love
Like me and you
Like me and you
Like me and you
Like me and you"
"1042" "I
Sometimes late at night
By the candle light
All too subtly
You mood alter me and I
CHORUS
I'll be drinking up the minutes as they pass
I'll be cherishing the seconds while they last
And you'll be wrapping me, up in luxury,
Until the morning comes
II
So we go upstairs
And you stroke my hair
And you're touching me
It gets too much for me and I
CHORUS
I am drinking up the minutes as they pass
I am cherishing the seconds while they last
And you are wrapping me, up in luxury,
Until the morning comes
And oh how I could weep
When I drift to sleep
Cause it seems such a sin
Not to see your face
So I stay awake
Just to drink you in.
III
When the morning breaks
And we both awake
And we're forced to part,
That just breaks my heart 'cause I
CHORUS
I've been drinking up the minutes as they pass
I've been cherishing the seconds while they last
And you've been wrapping me, up in luxury,
Until the morning comes
You've been wrapping me up in luxury
Until the morning comes."
"1043" "He's tired of getting up
Tired of life
Tired of working at the same old job
And tired of his wife.
Overcome with a desire
To come of age
Better step aside for Johnny
'Cause he's come to take the stage
Take the stage
He's in the territory of poets
Movin' slow
He's in the territory of moving
But not knowing which way to go.
He hides the ring that's on his finger
Made of gold
He's in the territory of poets
And he's doing what he's told
What he's told
Johnny's looking 'round the bar
For a dance
Once he sets his eye on Sally
She doesn't stand a chance
Though the lines that he's rehearsed
Pass her by
When he asks her for a date
She says, Friday would be fine.
How 'bout nine?
He's in the territory of poets
Movin' slow
He's in the territory of moving
But not knowing which way to go.
He hides the ring that's on his finger
Made of gold
He's in the territory of poets
And he's doing what he's told
What he's told
Sally's putting on her dress
Half past eight
Johnny takes a little line of something
Just to keep him straight
Through her shadow and her blush
She shines through
She says her powder makes her feel much better
He says his does too.
His does too.
He's in the territory of poets
Movin' slow
He's in the territory of moving
But not knowing which way to go.
He hides the ring that's on his finger
Made of gold
He's in the territory of poets
And he's doing what he's told
What he's told"
"1044" "Is his hair still as long?
Are his eyes still as blue?
Can his face still conceal
Every clue to his mood?
Does his brow still display
Every beat of his heart?
Did he ask after me?
Did you send my regards?
[Chorus:]
Or did you tell him that I've died
In every way that matters?
And did you tell him how I cry
With every day that passes?
That I am raw and bruised and torn
That I can't function any more
Well, did you tell him that?
Well I'd tell him myself
But I don't have the nerve
And I know, to my shame,
This is all I deserve
But I hope for my sake
You were not indiscreet
If he asked how I was,
Hope you lied, through your teeth
[Chorus]
And if he didn't want to know
Oh, my friend, don't tell me that
Did you never speak my name?
Did he never even ask?
[Chorus]"
"1045" "I
Something came along
And stopped me right in my tracks
I??d tell you what it was
But I can??t be exact
II
But it filled me with strength
And it held me intact
When it blessed me with courage
And shamed me to act
III
I??m unable to establish
The moment in time
When swallowed in rhetoric
And dressed up in rhyme
IV
I went and faced the music
And all that entailed
The right on my side gave
Wind to my sails
CHORUS
When it??s time, let it go,
You??ve got to let it go.
When the time has come,
you have to let it go
V
You took me for granted
You took me for mad
And you know you took advantage
Of the trust that I had
VI
It shocked me to notice
The mess I was in
It hurt me to find out
The fool that I??d been
VII
I know you always
Underestimated me
There??s more to this girl
Than the girl (that) you see
VIII
You thought that when you??d gone
I??d be fallin?? apart
But there??s more to this woman
Than a woman??s heart
But there??s more to this woman
Than a woman??s heart
REPEAT CHORUS
IX
There??s a time to be faithful
There??s a time to be brave
I was trying to rescue
Struggling to save
X
Every little piece of
What was left to me here
Every little shred
Of all I held dear
XI
Until piece by piece
And bit by bit
I gathered them together
And I made them all fit
XII
Until standing tall
And feeling strong
I??m facing the future
And my life goes on
And then life still goes on
REPEAT CHORUS"
"1046" "The rain falls, the rain falls down
The rain falls, the rain falls down
The rain falls, the rain falls down
The rain falls, the rain falls down on me
Well I gotta get up
but I can't get my head out of bed 'cause I went to bed late
So I drag myself out
and I wonder about how I let myself get in this state
And my coffee's run out
and the milk has gone off and the last piece of bread has gone stale
And I hear myself curse,
when the heating won't work 'cause I didn't pay the bill right away
The cold air is chilling me
and my head is killing me and I've only got myself to blame
I swear that in future I'll be more together
I see my computer, so I go to check my mail
It takes me a while,
but eventually I get on line, and when I finally do
I open up my messages
the second one's from you....... then
The rain falls, the rain falls down
The rain falls, the rain falls down
The rain falls, the rain falls down
The rain falls, the rain falls down on me
So you're breaking it off
and you didn't think it could be said to me straight to my face
And those rumours were true,
you've got somebody new, you've been taking her out in my place
And now you want rid of me
you've gotta be kidding me, don't you think I want rid of you?
And No you cannot be my friend
My friends they come through..........when
The rain falls, the rain falls down
The rain falls, the rain falls down
The rain falls, the rain falls down
The rain falls, the rain falls down on me
Well I click on your mail
and I drag it away to the trash and I gather my strength
I delete your address
all along with the rest of the messages you ever sent
'Cause I will find someone new
someone who'll love me too, cherish me to have and to hold
And you will be the one we'll see
Out there in the cold.........when
The rain falls, the rain falls down
The rain falls, the rain falls down
The rain falls, the rain falls down
The rain falls, the rain falls down .......... (ad lib) ..........on me"
"1047" "Brown hair and blue-grey eyes
Slim build and average height
Blue jeans and navy coat
Last seen October 9th
Her photograph is blurred
She was smiling then
Her family must ache
To see that smile again
All of those who miss her, since October 9th
All their prayers go with her, (they) pray that she's all right
No one's heard a whisper, since October 9th
Since October 9th
Nothing on the news
Hopes are fading fast
She's not the first to go
She won't be the last
All of those who miss her, since October 9th
All their prayers go with her, (they) pray that she's all right
No one's heard a whisper, since October 9th
Since October 9th
Brown hair and blue grey eyes
Slim build and average height
Blue jeans and navy coat
Last seen October 9th
Last seen October 9th"
"1048" "How did you come to be strong?
Why don't you falter?
How come you keep holding on
When nobody sees
What you've achieved
And all that you own
Is all you believe... I see
Something so wonderful
Somehow so sure
My eyes are blinded by
Something so pure
Something so wonderful
Somehow so sure
My eyes are blinded by
Something so pure
Wounded by weapons of man
Blinded by science
Touched by the chemical gun
The suffering they felt
Was it all you could stand?
That torch that you held
Is it still in your hand?... I see
Something so wonderful
Somehow so sure
My eyes are blinded by
Something so pure
Something so wonderful
Somehow so sure
My eyes are blinded by
Something so pure
And your light will show the way
Out of the darkness and the gloom
And your hand will guide me
To you
And your strength will give to me
The promise of a brighter day
And your love will surely
Take me away
Take me away
Take me away
When nobody sees
What you've achieved
When all that you own
Is all you believe
And the suffering they felt
Was it all you could stand?
And that torch that you held
Is it still in your hand?
'Cause it's ...
Something so wonderful
Somehow so sure
My eyes are blinded by
Something so pure
Something so wonderful
Somehow so sure
My eyes are blinded by
Something so pure"
"1049" "Cafe windows, street lamps
Neon lights ablaze that shine all over town
In brilliant conversation, with somebody new
He's out there showin' 'round
Please, heart, you're killing me
I'm lost among the faces
Where a sideways glance says romance on a whim
Pretty boys with blue eyes
Smilin' stylin' just reminding me of him
Please, heart, you're killing me
Please, heart, you're killing me
Can't go out at night
Can't stay here at home
Can't go anywhere
Cause he'll be there
Can't get out of bed
Can't get any sleep
Can't do anything
What does he care?
Does he care?
Everywhere I turn, I see
The past jump out in front of me \"hello\"
Someone's got it in for me
This whole damn town has secrets I don't know
Please, heart, you're killing me
Please, heart, you're killing me
Four a.m. I brave the cold
The garbage trucks are on a roll, \"surprise\",
A vision through the subway steam
I see him and I can't believe my eyes
Please, heart, you're killing me
Please, heart, you're killing me
You're killing me
You're killing me
You're killing me
Stop killing me"
"1050" "Time was kinder to you
Than it was to me
I paid dearly
You got off scot free
You always said you'd sleep
After you were dead
I think you should quit
While you're ahead
Isn't it a little late to be
Coming back here and cryin' to me?
Isn't it a little late to be
Coming here at all?
Isn't it a little late to be
Coming back here and cryin' to me?
Isn't it a little late to be
Coming here at all?
There's no applause, no curtain calls
No spotlight no acclaim
There are no prizes due to you
For all your little games
And if someday you'll go change your ways
And then come passing through
Don't expect me to be one
Who'll be believing you
Isn't it a little late to be
Coming back here and cryin' to me?
Isn't it a little late to be
Coming here at all?
Isn't it a little late to be
Coming back here and cryin' to me?
Isn't it a little late to be
Coming here at all"
"1051" "When I wake from dreaming
In the middle of the night
You're asleep and yet you say
In your own sweet silent way
That everything's alright
And your hair is lying
'Cross the pillow by my head
You're unconscious to the night
You can't talk but that's alright
Let your breathing speak instead
I hear you breathing in
You breathe out on my skin
That's when I begin
To know you're near me
I don't turn on the light
I don't need to use my eyes
The heartbeat by my side
Tells me you're here with me
My senses can deceive me
When I'm sleepy and confused
from my heavy eyes I see
Only darkness around me
My dreams long since excused
Then my thoughts go racing
Through the cloisters of my brain
In those midnight hours I find
That you hypnotise my mind
With your soothing pulse again
I hear you breathing in
You breathe out on my skin
That's when I begin
To know you're near me
I don't turn on the light
I don't need to use my eyes
The heartbeat by my side
Tells me you're here with me"
"1052" "I sit and stare at you and wonder, how I'd feel if you weren't here
I think you're scared of going under, so much more than you appear
It's not that I would be more capable than you would
I'd go on, that I know
I just wonder how my life would be without you,
So do you I suppose,
So do you I suppose,
It leaves me wondering if you love me,
It leaves me wondering if I care
It leaves me wondering if you love me,
and it leaves me wondering if I care
Common decency requires me not to act on how I feel,
Common sense conspires to warn me to behave in spite of me,
So I impose on you the thoughts that lie within me
Be they mine
Be they yours
Trying to guess what you are thinking when you're silent
But I can't be sure,
No I can't be sure
It leaves me wondering if you love me,
It leaves me wondering if I care
It leaves me wondering if you love me,
and it leaves me wondering if I care
Do I care?
Are we so beyond repair?
Or is everything okay?
When I leave it up to you
You don't tell me either way
It leaves me wondering if you love me,
It leaves me wondering if I care
It leaves me wondering if you love me,
and it leaves me wondering if I care
It leaves me wondering if you love me,
It leaves me wondering if I care
It leaves me wondering if you love me,
and it leaves me wondering if I care"
"1053" "I felt anticipation early in the spring
I looked forward to the riches it would bring
I smiled the day it led my heart to you
It seemed like the world was smiling too
We laughed and drank and sang in summertime
I felt your body always close to mine
Our love was so exciting and so new
It seemed like the world was lauging too
Things got colder when the autumn came along
But we straightened out the things that had gone wrong
As the leaves displayed their ever changing hue
It seemed like the world was changing too
The winter brought the rain and then the snow
And I cried out loud the day I saw you go
I didn't really know quite what to do
It seemed like the world was crying too"
"1054" "In her imagination
She's driving through the sunshine
To Malibu
No children in the backseat
No husband at the wheel
No telling where she's going
Just followin' the highway
To where it leads
Dreamin' of leaving
That's all it is
Dreamin' of something
More than this
Dreamin' of leaving
That's all it is
Dreamin' of something
More than this
She looks out of her window
Water from the dishes
Running down the drain
Clouds on the horizon
Reflections of the pane
Serve only to remind her
Of how it is and how it might have been
Dreamin' of leaving
That's all it is
Dreamin' of something
More than this
Dreamin' of leaving
That's all it is
Dreamin' of something
More than this
She's standin' on the corner
The suitcase in her hand
Filled with promises
It's not about unfaithful
It's not about unkind
It's just some words they're missing
Some other words they left somewhere behind
Dreamin' of leaving
That's all it is
Dreamin' of something
More than this
Dreamin' of leaving
That's all it is
Dreamin' of something
More than this"
"1055" "All my arguments sound pretty weak
So I'll be quick and concede defeat
All the evidence lies on your side
So I'll come clean and say that I lied
I guess it's OK if I'm hated and damned
But don't go away thinking I had it planned
It wasn't part of my scheme to be hateful to you
Did I hurt you?
What can I say?
I am guilty
Of walking away
And the signals that I sent you
I never meant to
Did I hurt you?
Forgive me please
I am guilty
I let you believe
That I loved you
And I tried to
Still you were lied to
Believe me please when I say
Sometimes our hearts can lead us astray
Believe me I never knew
How much of a hold I had over you
And try if you can to let reason be heard
Don't let your anger be blind to my words
Don't cut me off if I try and explain it to you.
Did I hurt you?
What can I say?
I am guilty
Of walking away
And the signals that I sent you
I never meant to
Did I hurt you?
Forgive me please
I am guilty
I let you believe
That I loved you
And I tried to
Still you were lied to"
"1056" "Before I met you I was lost
I'd been let down and double crossed
I played the fool, I played my games
Winning some along the way
But all the same, it was a shame
And I've only me to blame
For how I'd lost my way
And so I locked myself inside
I nursed my broken wounded pride
And in my eagerness to hide
I left my heart behind
Oh what a cost, my heart got lost
But now it's been found
You picked it off the ground
And now you've come to soothe me
Bewitch me and amuse me
How did you ever choose me?
And if you will excuse me,
I'd like to return
The same to you
It's the least I can do
I got you to see me through
Looking out for what I do
Springing sunshine from the skies
Placing rainbows in my eyes
Got you watching out for me
Making sense of what I see
When my world is wearing blue
I got you to see me through
Your tongue is wrapped in solid gold
the greatest story ever told
With words that dance and sing to me
With eyes that shimmer like the sea
A refugee, who grew to be
The apple of my eye
I really don't know why
I was so taken by your face
That was the first of my mistakes
And though I'd many more to make
I am so glad that I fell down, and came around
To where you were
At the mercy of your charms
I fell into your arms
And it was then it hit me
That love had come to grip me
Of all the skills I'd with me
I'd nothing to equip me
With all I'd to do,
Now you're here
It all becomes clear
I got you to see me through
Looking out for what I do
Springing sunshine from the skies
Placing rainbows in my eyes
Got you watching out for me
Making sense of what I see
When my world is wearing blue
I got you to see me through
I got you to see me through
Looking out for what I do
Springing sunshine from the skies
Placing rainbows in my eyes
Got you watching out for me
Making sense of what I see
When my world is wearing blue
I got you to see me through"
"1057" "I
When I asked you how you'd been
You told me you were fine
But I knew it was a lie
Because I could see the lines
Of tiredness on your brow
And the tension in your eyes
II
Yet to another's face
There would have been no trace
Of trouble in your day
To one who'd never seen
The shadow of your dreams
Or the strangeness of your ways
CHORUS
To one who didn't know you
Or want to touch and hold you
To one who didn't need you
Who'd never learned to read you
To one who didn't love you,
Wasn't aching just to hug you
You'd look fine
To one who didn't know your crazy mind
You'd look fine.
III
I knew you'd have a friend
Waiting in the bar
'Cause that's the way you are
She looked like she was kind
And spoke with strength of mind
That had served her well so far.
But I hoped that she was tough
And wouldn't hurt too much
When you'd decide to go
And I swear I almost died
When I saw in her eyes
The image of my own.
REPEAT CHORUS
CHORUS
To one who didn't know you
Or want to touch and hold you
To one who didn't need you
Who'd never learned to read you
To one who didn't love you,
Wasn't aching just to hug you
You'd look fine
So very, very fine
To one who didn't know your crazy mind
You'd look fine."
"1058" "There was a time I gave too much away
Many times, I craved a touch too deep
Now I stand, alone, alone
There was a time, that time has passed for me
[Chorus:]
All I have is me
All I need is me
All I want is me
All I've got is me
If you choose to lose yourself to me
Keep in mind to save your mystery
And my soul stays mine, alone
And yours may grow entwined, but still is free.
And the closest things to me are
And the things that set me free are
All the things that matter most 'cause
They're the things that bring me close to
All the sights and sounds that move me
And all the crazy loves that soothe me
'Til all the higher truths around me
Make a higher love surround me.
[Chorus]
All I have is me (and the closest things to me are)
(And the things that set me free are)
All I need is me (all the things that matter most 'cause)
(They're the things that bring me close to)
All I want is me (all the sights and sounds that move me)
(And all the crazy loves that soothe me)
All I've got is me ('til all the higher truths around me)
(Make a higher love surround me)"
"1059" "Forget your things
I'll send them on to you
All your letters
I'll see that you get them too
I'll make sure that you'll receive
Messages that your friends leave
But please, now, leave now
I'll call you later on
[Chorus]
Go now, go now, before my tears begin to spill
Oh, won't you go, now, before they flood my face?
For I have not much time, you see
Except what pride that's left to me, so
Go now, go now, before I lose that too
Leave the talking
Till some future time ahead
The analysing
That's really better left unsaid
But maybe you could be the one to
Tell our friends what we have done
But please, now, leave now
And shut the door behind
[Chorus]"
"1060" "The black and white
Is clear to see
It's shades of grey
Are puzzling me
Shades of feeling like
My body's buried deep,
Half asleep, half asleep.
It's a very deep hole,
With very steep sides,
I can't climb out
I'm trapped inside
It's a very deep hole,
With very steep sides
I can't climb out
Lord knows I`ve tried,
But I'm trapped inside
You know I`ve tried,
But I'm trapped inside.
What is it with me,
I make no sense
Why is it
I talk in future tense.
When I'm s'posed to sing
My voice it goes to shout
\"Can`t break out, I can`t break out\".
All my climbing up has me nowhere,
All of this can get too much to bear
All I`m tryin' to do is mend this beat up heart
That's a start, that's a start."
"1061" "It isn't quite love
It isn't quite romance
But whatever it is
It's worth a chance
And if we close our eyes
We can always pretend
If it's not love
That's not the end
It isn't quite love
I cannot deny
But still here it is
It's worth a try
And if I expected more
Life doesn't work that way
So if it's not love
That's quite okay
How often have we cried for love that died?
Our tumbled pride on the floor
So let's take care of our affair
And let's not dare ask for more
It isn't quite love
It isn't quite romance
Still, here it is
It's got to be worth a chance
Let's close our eyes
Let's pretend
It's not quite love
You're quite a friend"
"1062" "(eleanor mcevoy)
An act of God has struck us
An act of faith sustains us
But it seems hopeless
And I feel helpless to you
An act of man has hit us
Worse than any god
And I can't shield you
And I can't shelter you,but
If you're in need of comfort
I will do what I can
If I can't feed your body
I'll soothe it with my hands
If I can't ease your hunger
I'll give you all I have
To nourish and love
To nourish and love
To nourish and love
The country drenched in fever
The\"princess alice\" leaves her
But I can't send you
And I can't hope to save you
The hunger on this island's
Spread to every door
And I can't shield you
And I can't shelter you,but"
"1063" "Fire's burn, turning into dust
What was precious, what was pretty paradise
Fire's turn, burning to the ground.
What was healthy what was holy, what was life.
If you think it's hot now,
If you hate that heat
You think it's bad now, wait and see,
You think it's close now as you sleep within your bed.
Check out the fire
Check out the fire
Check out the fire overhead.
Children grow, playing with their toys
Acting out their fairytales in play
Children play, growing with the noise
Of television teaching them the way,
And while you're sometimes scared now
If you see the flames
You think the smoke's from far away,
You read the papers, saying the fire will not spread
Repeat CHORUS
Sweet the light, glowing neon blue
Of havens offering shelter from the storm
Sweet the sound, crackling in the grate
Of firelight, welcoming and warm
But if you think it's safe now,
If you feel at ease
Your safety's hanging from a thread
Before you're happy, having locked your doors at night
Repeat CHORUS"
"1064" "I find myself a little bewitched by you
I find myself a little beguiled
I find my friends repeating your name
Then I find myself doing the same
[Chorus]
Finding myself lost again
Finding myself lost again
Losing myself by what I find
Finding myself losing my mind
I praise myself for having made a life alone
I praise myself for working so hard
I give my praise where praise is due
I'm swapping that praise in praise of you
[Chorus]
It seems that I have taken quite a shine to you
And it seems that I'm in a mood to seduce
It seems that you have read my mind
Must be that we're the losing kind
Finding myself lost again
Finding myself lost again
Losing myself by what I find
Finding myself losing my...
Finding myself losing my...
Finding myself losing my mind"
"1065" "I look for comfort in the arms of every friend that I have known,
I long for poetry to sweep away the clouds above my soul.
I let myself believe that these will be my saviours till the end.
And so, on them I depend.
On them I depend.
Where is the drug?
Where is the healing?
Where is whatever will ease this pain?
There is nothing I won't swallow
To stop what's eating up my brain
And get my feeling back again
I hear tortured voices buried deep inside of my head,
I have restlessness and anger as a pillow for my bed.
I hope it won't be long 'til I can prove myself to be
Untarnished by what's followin' me
What is followin' me?
Where is the drug?
Where is the healing?
Where is whatever will ease this pain?
There is nothing I won't swallow
To stop what's eating up my brain
And get my feeling back again
What of the prayers that seek to comfort one who's losing her love,
What of her mother's cries that surely she has suffered enough.
And when he's gone where is the justice in a child that knows his name
As a photo in a frame
A picture in a frame
Where is the drug?
Where is the healing?
Where is whatever will ease this pain?
There is nothing I won't swallow
To stop what's eating up my brain
And get my feeling back again
Where is the drug?
Where is the healing?
Where is whatever will ease this pain?
There is nothing she won't swallow
To stop what's eating up her brain
And get my feeling back again
Where is the drug?
Where is the healing?
Where is whatever will ease this pain?
There is nothing we won't swallow
To stop what's eating up our brain
And get our feeling back again
Where is the drug?
Where is the healing?
Where is whatever will ease this pain?
There is nothing they won't swallow
To stop what's eating up their brain
And get their feeling back again"
"1066" "I
When I asked you how you'd been
You told me you were fine
But I knew it was a lie
Because I could see the lines
Of tiredness on your brow
And the tension in your eyes
II
Yet to another's face
There would have been no trace
Of trouble in your day
To one who'd never seen
The shadow of your dreams
Or the strangeness of your ways
CHORUS
To one who didn't know you
Or want to touch and hold you
To one who didn't need you
Who'd never learned to read you
To one who didn't love you,
Wasn't aching just to hug you
You'd look fine
To one who didn't know your crazy mind
You'd look fine.
III
I knew you'd have a friend
Waiting in the bar
'Cause that's the way you are
She looked like she was kind
And spoke with strength of mind
That had served her well so far.
But I hoped that she was tough
And wouldn't hurt too much
When you'd decide to go
And I swear I almost died
When I saw in her eyes
The image of my own.
REPEAT CHORUS
CHORUS
To one who didn't know you
Or want to touch and hold you
To one who didn't need you
Who'd never learned to read you
To one who didn't love you,
Wasn't aching just to hug you
You'd look fine
So very, very fine
To one who didn't know your crazy mind
You'd look fine."
"1067" "I'm out of my league
I've done it again
Can never tell where, can never tell when
Just when I swore
I'd had enough
Electricity's flying, and I'm lit up
And I know, and I know, and I know
I know I've been through this before
Here I go, here I go, here I go
Here I go again; You're on my mind
[Chorus]
I want to feel you put your hands through my hair
I want to feel a little fun in the air; we can share
All I need is just a piece of your time
And, well, maybe a bottle of wine
If it's early, we can go on the town
If you want to, we can stay at home and just settle down
Either way, I need a piece of your time
And it's mine, and it's mine, and it's mine
They're widening their eyes
They're looking askance
They're saying is this some new romance
Others are claiming
They knew all along
\"You could tell there was something going on\"
And they know, and they know, and they know
They know it's none of their concern
There they go, there they go, there they go
There they go again, but we don't mind
[Chorus]
And it's mine, yeah
And I really want it to be
'Cause you're fine, yeah
Yeah, you're fine with me, with me
You hear what I'm saying loud and clear
You hear what I'm saying when I'm not even near
Now don't you flit with me like that
My heart's already thumping
'Cause you know, yes, you know, yes, you know
You know how wild you're driving me
There you go, there you go, there you go
There you go again, but never mind
[Chorus]"
"1068" "[Chorus]
I heard music lighting up my darkness
I felt the phrase melt away my sadness
A melody, as potent as wine
I let it sweep me out of my depression
I let it point me in a new direction
Breathing hope on this life of mine
Now who could fail
To let it touch the honesty within them?
And who could help
But be comforted inside?
It took a harmony to heal the bad times
It took a rhythm to release the sunshine
Even then, it took me so long
To break the silence I'd resigned my life to
To break down barriers I'd shut my eyes to
Releasing me from all that was wrong
Now I don't try
To understand the way it moves my spirit
That is why
S'pose I'll never know
How a subtle change of key
Can do these things to me
And make me feel like I feel"
"1069" "Save a little of your energy
Spend a little of your time with me
What is it that holds you here to me?
You must be moved by something that you see
Strains of magic in the moonlight hours
Render useless all your Earthly powers
Souvenirs of childhood haunt your face
It must be that they've fallen from your grace
And the rage burns inside
Like a cage that's open wide
Empty now, but once it held
The boundaries of your mind
Privacy and loneliness
They overlap sometimes, sometimes
Subtleties betray you everywhere
That's a secret you forgot to share
Like how auburn still brings out your guilty streak
And seemingly it adds to your mystique
Moody silhouettes, you soon replace
With swarms of passersby that flood your space
Your superficial scars, you can conceal
There are others left with wounds that will not heal
And the rage burns inside
Like a cage that's open wide
Empty now, but once it held
The boundaries of your mind
Privacy and loneliness
They overlap sometimes
Empty now, but once it held
The boundaries of your mind
Privacy and loneliness
They overlap sometimes
And the rage burns inside
Like a cage that's open wide
Empty now, but once it held
The boundaries of your mind
Privacy and loneliness
They overlap sometimes
Save a little of your energy
Spend a little of your time with me
What is it that holds you here to me?"
"1070" "Sleeping close in sweetness
Intimate in doubt
A little piece of rope around
To stop us falling out
And through the closed curtains
A copper-coloured light
And wine glasses
From last night
[Chorus]
Is it so forgotten?
Does it run so deep?
Is it so forgotten
Like the promises we keep?
Like the promises we keep
Like the promises we keep
I feel so broken
Feel so broken
I feel so broken
I feel...
Cigarette smoke, drifting up
To hanging plants behind
Particles of honesty
And tenderness entwined
Things with you are different now
And I can feel the strain
What is it that protects you from this pain?
[Chorus]
With the days that lie ahead me
I'm hungry to remain
Still, I know it's best to go
'Cause nothing's going to change
Eyes that held so much for me
Are holding things from me now
Like the harmonies
That life will not allow
[Chorus]"
"1071" "Keep the weatherman sweet,
Then begin sweeping the driveway.
News is that the heat's
Coming in, Thursday or Friday.
Now I'm a little slow to see
How weatherman's words are gonna satisfy me
Words can change my point of view
Only if they prove to be true
Seven inches of rain,
I believe it's gonna get wetter
Seven days of the week.
Hopes are high it's gonna get better
Now, I'm not in the hoping game
That's a kind of a pity and a bit of a shame
But hope can be a two-edged sword
And a luxury that I just can't afford
Twelve days, snow would spread the cold around
Twelve days heat would melt the snow on the ground
Twelve days sun is what I'm looking for now
Twelve days grey what's in store.
Keep the weatherman sweet
Then go off, buy an umbrella
Go and wait for the sun
Go and dream beautiful weather
I'm much too old for dreams
Now that's a little bit sad,
But not as sad as it seems
When dreams have been a thorny crown
It's not so sad when they're tumblin' down"
"1072" "Lying here naked with me
Can you see
Tears that I can't hide
If I could tell you about it
I would
But I couldn't if I tried
Don't ask me why
Don't ask me why
Don't ask me why
When I don't know
Lying here naked I try
Not to cry
In your tender loving hands
Sometimes you touch an emotion
In me
That I just don't understand
Don't ask me why
Don't ask me why
Don't ask me why
When I don't know
Don't ask me why
These tears of mine will flow
Don't ask me why
Truth is,I don't know
Don't ask me why
Don't ask me why
Don't ask me why
When I don't know"
"1073" "Yes it`s ok
No I don`t mind
But take it slow `cause I take
Time to unwind
And if you`re nervous that`s ok, hey,
So am I, so am I, so am I
Put it down to my biochemistry
Put it down to the way I love champagne
Put it down to compatibility
And put your lips to mine again
Put your lips to mine again
No I don`t mind
And to be precise
If you did well, it would
Be kind of nice
So let that sparkle overflow,oh,
Don`t be shy, don`t be shy, don`t be shy
Put it down to my biochemistry
Put it down to the way I love champagne
Put it down to compatibility
And put your lips to mine again
Put it down to my biochemistry
Put it down to the way I hate the rain
Put it down to compatibility
Put your lips to mine again
No I don`t mind
And I`d like to say
I love the fact that first you
Asked anyway
So slide on over here to me,
Make me smile, make me smile, make me smile
Put it down to my biochemistry
Put it down to the way I love champagne
Put it down to compatibility
Put your lips to mine again
Put it down to my biochemistry
Put it down to the way I hate the rain
Put it down to compatibility
Put your lips to mine again
Put your lips to mine again
Yes it`s ok
Really it`s fine
Gentle shivers running down my spine
Have me feeling to my toes,
Satisfied, satisfied, satisfied
Put it down to my biochemistry
Put it down to the way I love champagne
Put it down to compatibility
Put your lips to mine again
Put it down to my biochemistry
Put it down to the way I hate the rain
Put it down to compatibility
Put your lips to mine again"
"1074" "In case of loving unreturned
Unrequited fingers burn
Don't you blame yourself at all
There is no blame, there is no crime
This madness happens all the time
Nothing there to break your fall
I understand how hard it's been
I've been there too and I have seen
What running after love can do
That feeling deep down in your soul
That searing, empty, gaping hole
Has dug a hole in my life too
My darling, my darling
So crazy, so charming
It's just that it happened too soon
But I send you my wishes
My hugs and my kisses
And whisper a prayer to the moon
In case you've lost your faith in life
In case you cannot sleep at night
Be certain this will take its toll
I recognize those waves of pain
I've known them time and time again
And would not wish them on a soul
My darling, my darling
So crazy, so charming
It's just that it happened too soon
I send you my wishes
My hugs and my kisses
Whisper a prayer to the moon
In cases lying by your door
A life is packed to go once more
There was no intent to deceive
Please bear no grudge, just bear your soul
It's hardly bearable to go
And barely possible to leave
Oh, my sweet tempered angel
I wish I were able
To heal all that hurt with a tune
And if I had the powers
I would give you the stars
The sun and the light of the moon
Oh, my darling, my darling
So crazy, so charming
It's just that it happened too soon
But I send you my wishes
My hugs and my kisses
And whisper a prayer to the moon
Oh, my darling, my darling
So crazy, so charming
It's just that it happened too soon
I send you my wishes
My hugs and my kisses
Whisper a prayer to the moon
I whisper a prayer
I whisper a prayer
I whisper a prayer to the moon
I whisper a prayer
I whisper a prayer
I whisper a prayer to the moon"
"1075" "She's graceful to the eye
Elegant and tall
To see her walking by,
You'd think she had it all.
But I see her all the time now
A little red around the eyes now
Even so, it doesn't show
'Til I hear it in her words there
Just a little bit slurred there,
Then I know, I know,
[Chorus:]
That she's drinking again,
Started sinking again
What's she thinking of then?
Well I don't know.
But she's drinking again
Started sinking again
What's she thinking of then?
Well I don't know.
None of this is new
It all went down before
When she made it through
I thought she knew the score
But she's nothing left to hope with
And it's such a lot to cope with
Even still, I think she will,
She's trying really hard now,
But letting down her guard now
Until, until,
[Chorus]
She dreamed of being so fine,
She dreamed of having someone by her side
And even when her dream had died,
She dreamed that she could somehow make it right
Lipstick smudging her face
Hair all over the place
They say she's a disgrace
But they don't know
If she's drinkin' a lot
And if she says that she's not
Is she able to stop?
Well I don't know
[Chorus]"
"1076" "The white light on the water
The changes in you and your attitude
But the changes that I see are no surprise to me
'Cause you're worthiness is empty
Your willingness is a jewel to me
Your body, I recall
Made music of it all
Yes, your body, I recall
Made music of it all
With your lips next to my lips
The night would be so much easier
The day not as hard to face
With you inside this empty space
And with your skin next to my skin
The night ahead could be beautiful
Your body, I recall
Made music of it all
Yes, your body, I recall
Made music of it all
And its been such a battle to change
It's been such a battle to rearrange
My life, my days, and the way I feel
But one more night to spend with you
Just one more night of holding you
Though I know in my heart and soul
It wouldn't change a thing
Just a little comfort; bring
Comfort from you
The white light on the water
The changes in you and your attitude
Your body, I recall
Made music of it all
Yes, your body, I recall
Made music of it all
The music of it all
The music of it all
The music of it all
The music of it all"
"1077" "I wasn't the kind to ask questions
I wasn't the kind had the time,
I wasn't the kind with a suspicious mind
Now I`m kind of sorry, oh how I'm sorry
It's not what you did has me sleepless
It's not what you did has me aching so much,
It's not what you did that is hurting the most
It's the lies that you told, covering up
Please, please don't say how much you think of me
Please, please don't say how much you cared
Please, don`t say that you'd never lie to me
Spare me those lies you've prepared.
I'm not above feeling foolish
I'm not above being betrayed
I'm not above, singing stories of love,
But God how my stories have changed
It's not what you did has me sleepless
It's not what you did has me aching so much
It's not what you did that is hurting the most
It's lies that you told me, those lies that you told me.
Please, please don't say how much you think of me
Please, please don't say how much you cared
Please, don`t say that you'd never lie to me
Spare me those lies you've prepared."
"1078" "[Chorus]
For you, for you
The moments I steal
You know they don't heal
The way I feel for you
For you, for you
The things that I say
They give it away
The way I feel for you
You know I need your precious time
To keep me going
To keep me going and to stop it from showing
And you know I need you by my side
To keep me hoping and to stop me from knowing
That someday, in someway
I'll make you fall for me
And sometimes I'll make you mine
And make you feel for me
The way I feel
[Chorus]
You know I feel alone these days
I'm thinking about you
I'm thinking about you; I'm dying without you
You know it's more than a passing phase
Been too long without you
I've been too long without you, crying about you
But someday, in someway
I'll make you fall for me
And sometime I'll make you mine
And make you feel for me
The way I feel"
"1079" "[Chorus]
My heart is low
my heart is so low
As only a woman's heart can be
As only a woman's
as only a woman's
As only a woman's heart can know
The tears that drip
From my bewildered eyes
Taste of bitter sweet romance
You're still in my hopes
You're still on my mind
And even though I manage on my own
[Chorus]
My heart is low
my heart is so low
As only a woman's heart can be
As only a woman's
as only a woman's
As only a woman's heart can know
When restless eyes
Reveal my troubled soul
And memories flood my weary heart
I mourn for my dreams
I mourn for my wasted love
And while I know that I'll survive alone
[Chorus]
My heart is low
my heart is so low
As only a woman's heart can be
As only a woman's
as only a woman's
As only a woman's heart can know
My heart is low
my heart is so low
As only a woman's heart can be
As only a woman's
as only a woman's
As only a woman's heart can know"
"1080" "When she found out, she almost died
And kept her secret locked inside
But it was true
And what could she do?
At first she cried, but in the end
She knew she'd cope, and she had friends
She'd see it through
She'd love it too
[Chorus]
Leave her now
Leave her now
She'll be back online, give a little time
So leave her now
Leave her now
She'll make it through somehow
She'll be back in style with a little smile
But leave her to be
For a while
She reads what everyone has said
And hangs the cards beside the bed
It dulls the ache
She lies awake
At first she cried, but in the end
She knew she'd cope, and she had friends
So she was strong
And life goes on, and on, and on
[Chorus]"
"1081" "I
Something came along
And stopped me right in my tracks
I??d tell you what it was
But I can??t be exact
II
But it filled me with strength
And it held me intact
When it blessed me with courage
And shamed me to act
III
I??m unable to establish
The moment in time
When swallowed in rhetoric
And dressed up in rhyme
IV
I went and faced the music
And all that entailed
The right on my side gave
Wind to my sails
CHORUS
When it??s time, let it go,
You??ve got to let it go.
When the time has come,
you have to let it go
V
You took me for granted
You took me for mad
And you know you took advantage
Of the trust that I had
VI
It shocked me to notice
The mess I was in
It hurt me to find out
The fool that I??d been
VII
I know you always
Underestimated me
There??s more to this girl
Than the girl (that) you see
VIII
You thought that when you??d gone
I??d be fallin?? apart
But there??s more to this woman
Than a woman??s heart
But there??s more to this woman
Than a woman??s heart
REPEAT CHORUS
IX
There??s a time to be faithful
There??s a time to be brave
I was trying to rescue
Struggling to save
X
Every little piece of
What was left to me here
Every little shred
Of all I held dear
XI
Until piece by piece
And bit by bit
I gathered them together
And I made them all fit
XII
Until standing tall
And feeling strong
I??m facing the future
And my life goes on
And then life still goes on
REPEAT CHORUS"
"1082" "Cafe windows, street lamps
Neon lights ablaze that shine all over town
In brilliant conversation, with somebody new
He's out there showin' 'round
Please, heart, you're killing me
I'm lost among the faces
Where a sideways glance says romance on a whim
Pretty boys with blue eyes
Smilin' stylin' just reminding me of him
Please, heart, you're killing me
Please, heart, you're killing me
Can't go out at night
Can't stay here at home
Can't go anywhere
Cause he'll be there
Can't get out of bed
Can't get any sleep
Can't do anything
What does he care?
Does he care?
Everywhere I turn, I see
The past jump out in front of me \"hello\"
Someone's got it in for me
This whole damn town has secrets I don't know
Please, heart, you're killing me
Please, heart, you're killing me
Four a.m. I brave the cold
The garbage trucks are on a roll, \"surprise\",
A vision through the subway steam
I see him and I can't believe my eyes
Please, heart, you're killing me
Please, heart, you're killing me
You're killing me
You're killing me
You're killing me
Stop killing me"
"1083" "Smells of toast and coffee served to put in mind his name today
Never did take much to get me thinking about him anyway
In time I may progress to welcoming the coffee`s scent
At present I have no such strength.
Is there no poetry, no melody to comfort me,
To blur these images, etched upon my memory.
My stereo is where I go to let the sunshine in,
But every note`s like one from him.
All that surrounds me,
Won`t let him go,
All that surrounds me
Won`t let him go.
If falling rain could only wash away my memories
Then I would welcome rain and never let it bother me
From my windowsill I`d watch the drops and then begin
To picture him soaked to the skin."
"1084" "Lost touch, long ago,
It didn't end so well, I know
Lashed out, had a row
Don't know where home is for you now
Your drink should not have stayed undrunk
You should have drunk it down with your prayers
I showed no mercy to you then
No mercy when
Chorus
A glass unkissed by human lips
A glass untouched by human hands
A glass unbroken cut the skin
'till we bled
A glass unkissed by human lips
A glass untouched by human hands
A glass unbroken cut us both
'till we bled
Lost all in the end
Threw out the suffering of a friend
Let's hope life is kind
And will deliver peace of mind
Forgive this crazy one
Her crazey time in hell
She keeps her silence now
And means you well"
"1085" "He comes to me and sets my thoughts astray
He comes to chase the midnight blues away
He's sweet to taste and strong to touch
And with his second sight
He steals away the lonesomeness of night
It seems that heaven's looked on me and smiled
It sent the sun in place of candlelight
Tumbled out my wildest dreams
Tossed away my worst
Has heaven sent a blessing or a curse?
He talks to me, but nothing does he tell
He talks but keeps his secret safe and well
Still, I cannot help but reach for him
With these helpless hands of mine
So, I hug him close and pray to God he's mine
He comes to me and sets my thoughts astray
He comes to chase the midnight blues away
He's sweet to taste and strong to touch
I find myself inclined
To hug him close and pray to God he's kind
I hug him close and pray to God he's kind"
"1086" "Sophie cannot finish her dinner
She says she's eaten enough
Sophie's trying to make herself thinner
Says she's eating too much
And her brother says, \"You're joking,\"
And her mother's heart is broken
Sophie has a hard time coping
And, besides, Sophie's hoping
[Chorus:]
She can be like all the other girls
Be just like all the other girls
Living in an ordinary world
Just to fit in, in the ordinary world
Just to fit in like an ordinary girl.
Sophie's losing weight by the minute
How did things get this bad?
Sophie's family, they don't understand it
Gave her all that they had
And her sister won't stop crying
'Cause her father says she's dying
Sophie says she's really trying
Problem is, Sophie's lying.
[Chorus]
She can be like all the other girls
Be just like all the other girls
Living in an ordinary world
Just to fit in, to the ordinary world
Just to fit in like an ordinary girl
How did she get this way?
How did she get this way?
Through trying to hide it.
What does it take to say,
What does it take to say
She's dying, Sophie's dying too
[Chorus]
... Be like all the other girls
Be just like all the other girls
Living in an ordinary world
Just to fit in, to the ordinary world
Just to fit in and be like all the other girls
Be just like all the other girls
Living in an ordinary world
Just to fit in, to the ordinary world
Just to fit in like an ordinary girl."
"1087" "Shake your beads out,
One by one
And call me Magdalene
It won't grieve me
I understand
Where it is you're coming from
Draw a curtain
Close your eyes
When history's pages fail you.
I will not open up those history books
That's not for me to do.
Precious little in your life
Is yours by right
And won without a fight
Precious little in your life
Is yours by right
And won without a fight.
Shadows call me,
In the wind
Some don't go away
Angels guide me
From the clouds
In everything I do and say
Shake your beads out
Kneeling down
It will not pass me by
Two people coming from a different place
Maybe neither one is right.
Repeat CHORUS
Shake your beads out
Join your hands
That still won't make you right
Those so-called sinners that you're praying for
Are standing by your side
Repeat CHORUS
Repeat CHORUS"
"1088" "He used to send her flowers
To apologise, to apologise
He used to say how sorry he was
And flash his smile; he'd flash his smile
And always she'd forgive him
'Cause he'd mean it for a while
And then he'd send her flowers
To apologise, to apologise
It wasn't that he meant her harm
I realise, I realise
It's just that life had taken him
By surprise, by surprise
At times he knew he'd failed her
At times he really tried
When times were worst, he did his best
To compromise, to compromise
I told her once he'd break her heart
But that wasn't true, wasn't true
'Cause broken things can be repaired
And held onto, held onto
But her heart had been shattered
The pieces lay inside
In fragments much too tiny
To recognise, to recognise
I look now at the weariness
That lies in his eyes, in his eyes
And who am I to lay the blame
Or criticize, or criticize?
He's sorry that he's living
He's sorry he's alive
He's sorry of the need
To apologise, to apologise"
"1089" "You said you'd win me over
I said you never would
You said you'd wear me down, well,
Never thought you could
So how did you make me love you?
You're not even my type
You tore down my defences
Against my best advice
[Chorus:]
(And) Now you tell you you're leaving
Now you tell me you can't go on
Now you tell me you're leaving
Now you tell me
Now you tell me
I'd built my walls around me
Out of common sense
My natural inclinations
Were my best defence
I thought my heart was safe 'cause
I kept it out of your sight
So how did you steal it from me?
Have I no legal rights?
[Chorus]
I wish I'd never lost my head
I wish I'd stuck to what I said
It wouldn't be me here cryin' now
I suppose I've made my bed
And about those tears I shed
It shouldn't be me here cryin'
It shouldn't be me here cryin'
[Repeat Chorus]"
"1090" "My home towns dear to me, its always in my sight
My citys shadows walk around in broad daylight
Theyll even shoot a woman down for what she writes
So now you pay for civil liberty with life
So hard, its easy to lose hope for everyone
So bad, its easier to never take it on
But we cant give up
And we cant lose hope
And we cannot hide away
We can overcome
But we must be strong
And we must not be afraid
You must not ever stop the search for peace within
'Cause if you find it, theres no better prize to win
In losing peace of mind youre losing everything
Dont draw away from it, whatever shape youre in
So hard, its easy to lose hope for everyone
So bad, its easier to never take it on
But we cant give up
And we cant lose hope
And we cannot hide away
'Cause we can overcome
But we must be strong
And we must not be afraid
With all our songs and stories we have brushed aside
The very nature of a beast we tried to hide
With all the ugliness this city has to fight
How could we leave it to a mother and a wife?
So hard, its easy to lose hope for everyone
So bad, its easier to never take it on
But we cant give up
And we cant lose hope
And we cannot hide away
We can overcome
But we must be strong
And we must not be
We must not be afraid
We must not be afraid
We must not be afraid
We cant give up
And we cant lose hope
And we cannot hide away
We can overcome
But we must be strong
And we must not be
We must not be afraid
We must not be afraid
We must not be afraid"
"1091" "While I'd like a glass of whiskey,
It will not change my mind.
So if it's offered for that reason,
Or if you're just being kind.
I will go to my own sweet bed tonight,
I won`t try to explain.
I will go to my own sweet bed tonight,
It`s much too hard, to explain.
So take some comfort in that whiskey,
It`s often been my friend,
And if it warms a lonely body,
Well who`s to say it`s bad.
I will go to my own sweet bed tonight,
I won`t try to explain.
I will go to my own sweet bed tonight,
It`s much too hard, to explain.
If kindness takes a little longer
It`s worth the extra time,
Some have lives so long in darkness,
They don`t even recognise the light.
Understand, there`s a child in everyone,
We should watch what we say.
Everyone has their battles and their pain,
Hidden somewhere away.
I will go to my own sweet bed tonight,
I won`t try to explain.
I will go to my own sweet bed tonight,
It`s much too hard, to explain."
"1092" "Don't need to kiss you
though I know it would be good
don't need to hug you,
but sometimes I wish I could
don't mean to do with you
what just would not be right
just need the thought of you
to get me through the night
Just the thought of you
keeps a sparkle in my eye
(choirs)... Just the thought of you
Just the thought of you
is just enough to get me by
(choirs)... Just the thought of you
a wrong way to feel
a reason to smile
the thought of you
is keeping me alive
(choirs)... just the thought of you
(choirs)... just the thought of you
don't need to be untrue
in any kind of way
(choirs)... kind of way
don't wanna hurt the one
i promise to obey
((choirs)... to obey)
don't need to let em know
don't need to break his heart
((choirs)... to break his heart)
just need to think of you
when the days were torn apart
it's the thought of you
that keeps a sparkle in my eye
(choirs)... Just the thought of you
it's the thought of you
just enough to get me by
(choirs)... Just the thought of you
it's a wrong way to feel
a reason to smile
is the thought of you
is keeping me alive
ohh if things have been different and
i've known you before
it might have been good,
it might have had more
or maybe we've end up
thinking to much
about people we like
to be thinking about
about people we like
to be thinking about
it's the thought of you
that keeps a sparkle in my eye
(choirs)... just the thought of you
just the thought of you
is just enough to get me by
(choirs)... Just the thought of you
it's a wrong way to feel
a reason to smile
is the thought of you"
"1093" ""
"1094" "It's the same old story that I've heard 10 times before
You're sending your love to war
With a doctor and a locked up door
You only learned to pack it up a year ago at the corner store
Where the bandage made your blood run boiled
And you're running cause you're so hardcore
Chours:
And all the ladies dance and swoon
To the tango tune
By the big pi moon?
Oh while your brothers warn each other with their lavish lyric tunes
Oh lover never loved me though I do
And said the doctor to your heart you never ever should have come so far
You couldn't blame it on your new guitar
You wouldn't play it at the whisky bar
And it's been 24 years running up and down the wrong side of
The streets you lived on were not made for love
Write a letter, send a war cry dove
CHORUS
Yes I do have your picture in my car
Where I dream that I'm driving fast and far
And I do want you badly like I said so
Oh whoa when I dreamed how I loved you soft and slow
But never mind the invitation it was all a form of so and so
And we've both had enough of stop and go
And now you wish you'd never said hello
Until we're back into the station where the radio is blaring on
And all the war brides sing their soldiers songs
The night is sure dear but the love is long
CHORUS"
"1095" ""
"1096" ""
"1097" ""
"1098" ""
"1099" "Oh you wont find me in the arms of strangers
Laughing and drinking like a big parader
I don't posses the mind to over matters
Of the money kind
Mine just scatters
And you wont find me
No you wont find me
Pick me up from my over coat
I've been wearing that over coat for seven years
Long, long years
If something don't pick me I'll disappear
And you won't find me
No you won't find me
And you wont find me
In the magazines
Thumbing my way through those hip cat scenes
Rambling on
coat tails long
Waltzing my tears to a Tom Jones song
No you wont find me
No you wont find me
That sun come up every day
Just to show me how its done I think
Oh but I get things in my own way
When that sun goes away I drink
Drinking to the moon and the stars
All those names on the boulevard
Oh where you won't find me
De de de de de
Da dad a dad a da da
De de de de de de...
And you wont find me at the pearly gates
Those boys don't make many mistakes
Big old scroll
Heads gunna role
I gave away my heart
I'm going to keep my soul
Oh you wont find me
Oh you wont find me
Oh you wont find me
Oh you wont find me
De de de de
De de de dum"
"1100" "I was so alive I can only look back
Longer than a legend, larger than a fact
O I was so alive I can only look back
And I was so afraid I have traveled so far
Blaming the horizon, and shouting at the stars
O I was so afraid that Id come so far
O I was so afraid that Id come so far
And when its all over you wont know
Just when youre comin from when you go
And maybe somebodys gonna let you down
But you take your chances, if you only learn how
And I was so alone and Im scattered and small
But you keep 'em on a level
You let the devil on call
O I was so alone now Im scattered and small
O I was so alone now Im scattered and small
And when its all over you wont know
Just when youre comin from when you go
And maybe somebodys gonna let you down
But you take your chances if you only learn how
O I was so alone now Im scattered and small
O I was so alone now Im scattered and small"
"1101" ""
"1102" ""
"1103" "There's a crack in my memory,
As if something has gone
And split the foundation
Of shadow, of song
And raddled the windows,
And the tiny regrets
And the tiny glasses houses
That I tried to forget
Drink til your sleeping,
I love you that way
Like we are all babies;
All our beds are unmade
No memory has molded
Enough to forget
And our tiny glass houses
Are not built for us yet
Takes all of the courage,
And none of the pride,
To stand in the threshold-
To sit down inside
Where we are not babies;
No we are not new
And our tiny glass houses
With the beautiful view
There's a crack in my memory
Where a funeral parade,
Rolls through the doorway
That my memory made
And funeral marches
To its funeral sounds
And the tiny glass houses
Are all tumbling down
And tiny glass houses,
Are all tumbling down
And tiny glass houses,
Are all tumbling down"
"1104" ""
"1105" "Hardest hearts if you ever let go
We'll come together on the renegade road
Lead you back to the wreckage of change
Build your bridges, learn your name
Cross the river in three good strides
Left the company wild with pride
River ribbon all around your legs
Gripped the surface and you turned your head
Jump the line and turn the key
Lose your guard, believe in me
I can love you best of all
I am the wrecking ball.
Hallelujah changed your tune
The sky was open for you all too soon
Left the cradle in the rockin' wind
Ran from nothing like it's everything
Night can turn the mirror on
Saw your face and it looked all wrong
Where are the eyes that you looked out from?
Two young coins in the rising sun
So you curb and then the tragedy
You put your faith in a reverie
All good soldiers stand for thee
Losing battles in front row seats
As your shoulders curl and bend with time
Then love and hatred must combine
You turn the page to reconcile
You see, I've loved you all the while"
"1106" "Julia queen of hearts
Pleads to play the part
The casualty of everything
The fatal arrow thru the lark
And the nightingale
With his offering
Please not her heart
The hum and ring
Of the broken strings
Cannot contain what the don't discard
And it won't remain
Although it comes for her again
Keys to kingdoms battles bring
Tho they won't remain
And tho they seem to understand
Waves of change to a glass of sand
Waves of change to a glass of sand
Julia pages have been turned
Of a book of poems
Your lover learned
Did you praise the line and blame the words
For if you have taken
Every phrase
And bled them all of rage
And you've mistaken
Julia queen of hearts
Who will never rein
And it won't remain
Although it comes for her again
Keys to kingdoms battles bring
Tho they won't remain
And tho they seem to understand
Waves of change to a glass of sand
Waves of change to a glass of sand"
"1107" "Feast on the labor of your mind
And you won't go hungry and you won't go blind
Feed on the pictures of all you've left behind
Knowing they are just pictures, still and sad and refined
Its a mad world to be stuck on the livin
And its a heart breaker, to succumb to forgettin
I keep wishing for something that gets in my way
And my path is a jungle, it's got too much to say
Outlive me, outlive me
I love you too much
Rubies and emeralds,
Sapphires and such
Outlive me, outlive me
I love you too much
Coal into diamonds,
Ashes and dust
There is a fire in place of a stone
Softens the letters and it takes you back home
Where once it was written, the lines we obeyed
Now tenderly questions the choices we've made"
"1108" "Now that your darlin' keeps you home
There goes the best war we've ever had
Now that nobody's all alone
We'll turn forgiveness to forget
If you're in town you'll look me up
And dance the days into the cups
And you will talk of golden river flow
And given you enough
Bye, bye, years
Of deals and dolls
Bye, bye, Montreal
What wicked patterns we succumb
From the warnings we have run
Now from a figure we have cut the mold
And filled the stadium"
"1109" "Hounds are broodin' in my bones
But I am a good dog runnin' halfway home
Hear the lonely promenade
Come to nurse the tender terrways
All hands on a grain of sand
Half smallest things are the high demand
I can only serenade
And wait my turn to burn or fade
All colors you can see
Cover the borders of a masterpiece
Time can paint the best of me
Over the unclear eyes of memory
Cover love from sympathy
Be my maker, set me free
Truer hearts could not contain
How I cover love but I have not changed"
"1110" "When you abandon all manner of me
The concrete and angels' ashes
With nothing to serve but your own memory
Bring them the rain, the last of the tidings
Tied to the arrows fired off to love's lost regard
Lovers don't love you
And silver don't lead to your door?
Will you take comfort
That you have been taken before?
Oh, every intention has paved every path
They followed through driftwood and moor
What haunts you the most only lives to outlast
Cast off the best, the rest of all sorrows
Left to the gallows, the palace of all that you are
Have I been good to you?
Blue in the shadow of gold?
Blue in the phrases of letting go"
"1111" "Hello it's me the mistress
Is there anybody home?
'Cause the last place I should be is sittin' here alone
All I ask for is forgiveness
If you've got some give it here
You don't act much like you need it
You don't look much like you care
And will you need me in the summer?
Will you need me in the spring?
I believe my life is ending I don't know where to begin
I've got a page in my back pocket of the seven deadly sins
And its dragging me around among the needles and the pins
And I don't need to take a breather
I'm on the outside looking out
Yeah, I don't need to see your papers
'Cause I know what you're about
You had me by the bible and you had me by the belt
And you had me from the instant my cold love began to melt
And then you praise me for my inspiration
Asked me for an explanation
Followed up with hesitation
Fit my primal expectation
I don't care but I don't mind
You can call me any time
You can holler through the fortress
And kick me out of line
I don't expect it from the grief that gathers in my head
I like suspended disbelief
I like to spend the day in bed
I like to spend the nights in heaven
Hanging with the dead
You know, Judas and his women and the voices in my head
I've got my eyes upon the mirror
I've got my hands up in the air
I confess to my distress yeah, I great crazier each year
You know I'd change it if I could you know I like to say that I would
But there's a war between the parts of me
The evil and the good
And you try and stop me I'm on fire
It doesn't look that way
You know, I used to be a liar
But living's set me straight
I don't come with no disclaimer I'm like everybody else
We keep our demons on the burner and our morals on the shelf
And nobody asks for my opinion because you don't want to hear
I swear I'm only human wishing I could disappear
And you must think its an illusion that I like to live in fear
Of a probable solution of why the devil put me here
And now no judgement call will kill me
Just makes me close my eyes
And I sink into the slumber to the prison of my mind
Where I'd love to introduce you
If you found a way inside
You could sell me retribution and totally demystify
Until I wonder how I got here
Until I don't know who to be
Is it better to be grounded?
Is it better to be free?
Am I better off without you?
Am I happier alone?
Hello, its me the mistress, could you please pick up the phone?"
"1112" "Wicked the weather can empty the heart
Sunsets are poetry falling apart
Pitchin' and weavin' down Gottingen Road
I never loved you I know
But dance with my shadow on into the bar
Midnight is marked by broken-down choirs
And the red face prophets are claimin' their fame
But I don't remember their names
Morning comes like a broken-winged bird
As though daylight delivers a miracle cure
And here in the pink of a dangerous day
Forgive me, forgive me,
Those red-faced prophets, bartender and me.
Dancin' in riddles on top of dead dreams
I kissed a sailor, said he was the sea
But he never knew it from me
Last call"
"1113" "All my lovers think I'm lovely in the morning when I wake
When I roll in folds of slumber when I caress I give and take
All my enemies are just like me they're a fatalist mistake
An abandoning of deities the slowest interstate
Let the bakers have their dozens
Let the coppers get their man
Let doctor lawyer fix her for you
Catch her if they can
Oh and all the stars in heaven
Cannot count on me alone
For I'm a lovers enemy
And I can't be counted on
All my lovers under cover of night wrestle with their wounds
They're pawing sorrows piety they're kissing pleasures gloom
All my enemies are ready for a drink or two to spite
They're praying for forgiveness and they're ready for a fight
Let the bakers have their dozens
Let the coppers get their man
Let doctor lawyer fix her for you
Catch her if they can
Oh and all the stars in heaven
Cannot count on me alone
For I'm a lovers enemy
And I can't be counted on
All my lovers love me tirelessly the listen and they see
They work the web of time itself to fall and capture me
All my enemies they envy every move I've ever made
The tireless love I gather even rain on my parade
Let the bakers have their dozens
Let the coppers get their man
Let doctor lawyer fix her for you
Catch her if they can
Oh and all the stars in heaven
Cannot count on me alone
For I'm a lovers enemy
And I can't be counted on"
"1114" "At a quarter to midnight lays a cornerstone
You can read by the moonlight aloud and alone
And from over your shoulder it's courting your soul
Does it tell you your fortune or say nothing at all
In your dreams your montana skies
In your dreams your a ruby and sapphire prize
In your eyes something to see
In your eyes pastures of green
In the company quarter the company store
Stays making the bargain that it made before
All the people are gathered ring a roundabout
Keep their parts in their pockets bring that company down
In history wayfaring armies
Cavalries above and beyond
Some were made of mothers own babies
Some were made of mothers own young
In a small dark alley where the sun won't go
There's got to be something maybe diamonds and pearls
All the people are gathered ring a roundabout
Keep their parts in their pockets find that dark alley out
Oh mystery gem of the moment
Chivalry got lost in your smile
Some may say there's nothing to comment
Some may stay silent awhile"
"1115" "Yo boys i am singing song
Soup song...
Flop song ...
Why this kolaveri kolaveri kolaveri di
Why this kolaveri kolaveri kolaveri di
Rhythm correct
Why this kolaveri kolaveri kolaveri di
Maintain this
Why this kolaveri..aaa di.
Distance la moonu moonu moonu coloru whiteu
white background nightu nigthu
nightu coloru blacku
Why this kolaveri kolaveri kolaveri di
Why this kolaveri kolaveri kolaveri di
White skin-u girl-u girl-u
Girl-u heart-u black-u
Eyes-u eyes-u meet-u meet-u
My future dark
Why this kolaveri kolaveri kolaveri di
Why this kolaveri kolaveri kolaveri di
Maama notes eduthuko
Apdiye kaila snacks eduthuko
Pa pa paan pa pa paan pa pa paa pa pa paan
Sariya vaasi
Super maama ready
Ready 1 2 3 4
Whaa wat a change over maama
Ok maama now tune change-u
Kaila glass only english
Hand la glass
Glass la scotch
Eyes-u full-aa tear-u
Empty life-u
Girl-u come-u
Life reverse gear-u
Lovv-u lovv-u, oh my lovv-u
You showed me bouv-u
Cow-u cow-u holi cow-u
i want u hear now-u
god i m dying now-u
she is happy how-u
This song for soup boys-u
We dont have choice-u
Why this kolaveri kolaveri kolaveri di [x4]
Flop song"
"1116" "VERSE 1:I use to think that you were beautiful
but, now sometimes Im scared of just the sight of your face,
its like the monster that I thought was in the closet,
call my daddy and he scared him away,
you hangin out at night with the ghouls and goblins,
leaving me here all by myself,
you use to be just like prince charming,
now you got me screaming for help
CHORUS:I use to think that you were pretty,
I use to think that you were beautiful,
it use to be just like a fantasy,
but now its just another horror picture show
cus youre so ugly, ugly, ugly
youre so U.G.L.Y you aint got no alibi you ugly uh uh you ugly"
"1117" "[Instrumental]"
"1118" "Salamat, tayo'y magkasamang muli
Salamat at may gabing nakalaan sa kaunting kasiyahan
Salamat at tayo'y nagkasamang muli
Salamat at sa pagpawi ng uhaw ay may darating na araw
Chorus
Kay tamis ng ating samahan sa lungkot at kaligayahan
Tunay na kaibigan, kasamang maaasahan
Salamat at tayo'y may pinagsamahan
Salamat, tunay kong kaibigan
Woh
Chorus
Kay tamis ng ating samahan sa lungkot at kaligayahan (kaligayahan)
Tunay na kaibigan, kasamang maaasahan
Salamat (salamat) at tayo'y may pinagsamahan
Salamat, tunay kong kaibigan
Salamat (salamat) at tayo'y may pinagsamahan
Salamat, kaibigang walang kapantay
Salamat sa 'yo, kaibigan ko
Salamat sa 'yo, salamat sa 'yo"
"1119" "Black - Void
Culmination point
Where solar sons decline
Deserting thrones of stellar winds
divine
Dusk - Dawn
Twilight aureates
Balance breeds hostility
Contentation will throw wide its gate
Hunt - Slay
Dedicated rape
Internal revelries errupt
Fornicating violence spreads its drape
Mind - Soul
The universe reflects
Blackness absolution aches
Second sight the spirit now awakes
Sleep - Dream
Somnolent mirage
Enigmatic weavers speak
Chanting from the reveries I seek
Truth - Lie
True perception, false
Dimension vails reside
While new illusions now abide
Stride!
I greet the vultures of the horizon
The skyline of my very soul
For they enmantle all of creation
with the might that they extol
They flock to feast on my cadaver
To sever flesh and drain my heart
Unbound celestial assassins
Out from the umbra they depart
Conjunction standstill reigns supreme
Time is non-existent
No past to justify the future
The Aphelion Deserts
A chaos born from solar winds
For these storms are known to me
The stars thirst for darkness
The Aphelion Deserts
This, the foremost surge where
catharsis thrives
Hatred fuels the fires unforgiving
While blessings rain from ebon
floods
Streaming from the apogee
The zest and source of vagrant wrath
and memories
Without repenting gesture
Yonder suns deteriorate
Zenith repose
Contours move into nothingness
The empty comes to life
Finale without end
Love - Hate
Undivided force
A spear which penetrates
Leaving scarred the soul it violates
Lust - Pain
Devilry allure
Poetic universal tongue
The voice that left my dirge unsung
War - Strife
Battleblood in rage
Spiteful vengeance rides
The nightfall of our tender age
Life - Death
Circle come to close
Recesses congregate
Lightlessness is what they'll
procreate
I join the vultures of my horizon
The skyline black is now my own
This firmament devies all reason
I'm midst the swarm yet all alone
This flock of fiends know no
tomorrow
And yesterday has fled my view
Evolution laws crawl backwards
Out of the umbra we now spew
Martin Hellkvist '97"
"1120" "An easy target for the soulassassin
The soulless, remorseless, everlasting
Hunting for the next tender prey
Leaving dead the soul it rapes
Drained of hope, drained of life
Searching for the reason of
light's demise
Seeking a reason to live on
Now when lifelust is all gone
Face to face with my own death
Reflecting fear on my very breath
Chanting the relief in dying
In which I'm not denying
Pointing its finger at my misery
Mocking my destiny
Selling the easy way out
Beyond all questionable doubt
Another victim for the soulassassin?
The soulless, coldblooded, everlasting
Am I the next tender prey?
I won't let my soul be raped!
I am no longer weak
My soul grows stronger
Now I'm the coldblooded
And with hate I'm flooded
I am no longer weak
My soul grew stronger
Now I'm remorseless
The strongest and soulless
Reaping has begun!
No mercy as I strike down and
crush the world!
Henke Forss '97"
"1121" "And suffocate the light in me
Throw the stones that kill the truth
Deception must be absolute
Rape the mind that will not die
Its sharpest throes must multiply
Dementia unresisted
Psychosis of the mind
Generation X termination
The blind leading the blind
Towards the ends of the earth
Sweet cyanide seduction
Grown numb from the poison
That guides mankind beyond all
hopes of rebirth
Tear further into violence
And send forth the blade that
slaughter each cell
Stillbirth redemption
Sterility dances to the rapturous
sound of the knell
Let fevers rage and ravage
The deluded minds of all
Surrender to atrocity
And yield by our fall
Stigmata children
Malady spawn
Downward resolution
The coming of dawn
Sacrilege Sanctity
Pestilent seat
Dominion emerging
A world at their feet
Infidel armies
Viral release
Consensual redeemers
Penitence of disease
Weavers of famine
Starvation made whole
Their sepulchres spreading
Fulfilling their role
Sickness overcomes us
Past plagues ressurect
Generation X termination
The blind leading the blind
Towards the ends of the earth
Sweet cyanide seduction
Grown numb from the poison
That guides mankind beyond all
hopes of rebirth
Let firestorms rend their emerald
cloaks
Over a world that judgement
provokes
Assailing retribution
The end of the line
Prosperity goes under hatred divine
Like bloody waves on shores alight
A devil soils with black what's white
And as he treads to sow his seed
He rids the earth of its
scavenger breed
The seas in rising tidal flow
Its liquid curse on us bestow
A killing force within us hide
Breeding wrath
World suicide
Generation X termination
The blind leading the blind
Towards the ends of the earth
Sweet cyanide seduction
Grown numb from the poison
That guides mankind beyond all
hopes of rebirth
Tear further into violence
And send forth the blade that
slaughter each cell
Stillbirth redemption
Sterility dances to the rapturous
sound of the knell
Martin Hellkvist '97"
"1122" "Who is this, trapped inside of me?
An unfamiliar, violent breed
Raping innocence, vestal mutilation
Razor seduction, slicing devastation
My body twists and turns from the agony
My lungs scream as the air is drained
And with the scars as my witness
My arms are maimed
Carnal betrayal, flesh abuse
Bloodloss... And my mind's confused
Torn between decisions
Made between incisions
Malediction murder
Suicidal law
Afflictions choir
I draw the shortest straw
But suddenly I came to clarity
About the black beast inside of me
Contorted through submission
It took life to a higher position
I've felt the black light
Shining with strongest might
Guiding to the homicidal paths
And to unleash ungodly wrath
I've seen the black light
Blinding with strongest might
Showing me the homicidal way
As I slowly become its slave
..The price all must pay
There must be no mercy for the
insignificant and weak
It's no tragedy that all this misery must
be cleansed through me
Malediction murder
Homicidal law
Afflictions choir
You'll draw the shortest straw
Malediction murder
Genocidal law
Afflictions choir
Man will draw the shortest straw
When it all crashes down
Death is triumphant and wears its crown
And my work is done
Suicidal law... Yet I have won
Henke Forss '97"
"1123" "Prologue: By the winter of 1350
It swept the land in an uncontrolled
outburst
Famine, cold and pestilential misery
Surely this must be a divine damnation
Punishment from below
Be it devil or demon that reaps this
cursed nation
No one of us deserves suffering thus
Oh lord, what have we done
Oh God, have you forsaken us?
I ride the night air
On pestilential wings
I am the nightmare
That slays your kith and kin
I ride your bed at night
An incubus so vile
My work is seen throughout
The smoke of funeral pyres
Black rats do my work
Punishment begins
Cover your face, everyone has heard
Here is payment for your sins
This epoch you won't forget
You're burning from inside
In the final throes of horrid death
The proudest men forget their pride
They cry in pain immense
Praying to be spared
But your god seems not to care
Mothers, daughters, fathers, sons
All are prey alike
Twitching in rotten bowel runs
I crave a heavy toll
The deadringers sound the bell
For all of you who fell
I reap the field in rage
You scream in mindless fear
When gripped in my embrace
I purify, you putrefy, the end I provide
For your blasphemy, I bring you
disease, a funeral feast
I take the helm and steer you into, a
hellish domain
You fall in the streets, succumb in
your sheets, diabolic disease
And you don't know why
Why your children die
And you won't know why
On winds of death I ride
Now summer has come over
the city
Midday heat is low
The surviving few bring out
their dead
A neverending flow...
I am the death, upon your black
breath, I am black death
I am the reason, that children lie
crying, watching their parents
dying
And I am formless, always
relentless, something you
cannot see
And I am evil, I am disaster, I am
catastrophe
By the end of 1352, two thirds
are gone
A horrible tale of pestilence and
plague, darkness and woe
Now I subside, slowly die out,
yet I have won
But I will return, in futures to
come, in different forms
Philip von Segebaden
Stockholm, '97"
"1124" "Instrumental"
"1125" "A downward spiral of misery, pain
and defeat
A life in ruins.
Promises made. But only deceit.
Face down. Always spat on, hated,
despised
Pure human waste
No hope ... No future
The claws of depravity sink deeper
as you're pushed from society
The search for \"a life\" is no longer
an option
Backs turned, Friends forget
Now place your final bet
Please cross my path and feel my wrath
Deserving victim, now feel the aftermath
Now meet your doom
..Here is your tomb
Don't ask why
Why do I criticize?
You're all that I despise
Now see the rage in my eyes
I am your judge
this is your trial, no sense in denial
I am your judge
Your sentence is death
Inhale the lead on your very last breath
Your executioner, that is I
Say your prayers ... now you die
Don't ask why
Why do I criticize?
You're all that I despise
Now see the rage in my eyes
I wish you could live through me
And feel the way I feel
And daily confront your fears
Never shed a single tear
It's always been like this
The world fears my labour
None understands (that) I've done
them a favor
If I could - mass genocide
None spared - None left alive
But it's all too far away
Henke Forss '97"
"1126" "I'm comin' home, I've done my time
Now I've got to know what is and isn't mine
If you received my letter telling you I'd soon be free
Then you'll know just what to do
If you still want me, if you still want me
Whoa, tie a yellow ribbon 'round the ole oak tree
It's been three long years, do you still want me?
If I don't see a ribbon round the ole oak tree
I'll stay on the bus, forget about us, put the blame on me
If I don't see a yellow ribbon 'round the ole oak tree
Bus driver, please look for me
'Cause I couldn't bear to see what I might see
I'm really still in prison and my love, she holds the key
A simple yellow ribbon's what I need to set me free
And I wrote and told her please
Whoa, tie a yellow ribbon 'round the ole oak tree
It's been three long years, do you still want me?
If I don't see a ribbon round the ole oak tree
I'll stay on the bus, forget about us, put the blame on me
If I don't see a yellow ribbon 'round the ole oak tree
Now the whole damned bus is cheerin'
And I can't believe I see
A hundred yellow ribbons round the ole oak tree
I'm comin' home
Tie a ribbon 'round the ole oak tree
Tie a ribbon 'round the ole oak tree
Tie a ribbon 'round the ole oak tree
Tie a ribbon 'round the ole oak tree"
"1127" "Ran out of time
Forcing me down
Deep into pain
Uncontrolled suffering
Hysteria - Crying
No blood in my veins
Left here alone
Hear my screams of torment
I'm in pain
Consumed with agony
I live in vain
Rosered as tears cut my face
...Washed Away...
Poison injection
Body infection
Death reflection
Life rejection
My world turns black
Cursed by the shadows
Poison injection
Body infection
Death reflection
Life rejection
...Fear... Crying... Screaming...
...Pain... Agony... Anguish...
...Torment... Suffering...
...Black... Hate...
...Death..."
"1128" "Originally performed by Infernal Majesty
Incantations, spoken at the stroke of midnight,
exhume their bodies from their timeless slumber
Soulless participants in this unholy ritual,
the dead crawl from their earthen prisons
Bodies decayed beyond recognition, they amass,
prepare nightmares from the darkest recess of your imagination
Tormented by lusty unquenchable thirst for blood
they are driven on loosed of the shackles
and free of the grave their vengeance knows no bounds
Raging hunger pierces the black, in the flicker of their morbid gaze
Creatures of evil spawned and spewn from the depths of hell
Moaning with desire for the flesh of the unsuspecting victims of their attack
wanton destruction burns in their hearts as they enter the land of the living
Rise frenzied lust for flesh.
Your blood seeps through my chest
You are the living dead.
Storming god's planet earth
Shambling gait downcast eyes retrogress from the grave
Empithely spewing pus from their lifeless veins
Decayed legions cast from Hades rotting lungs exposed
Maggots feed and the smell of death overcomes and cripples all
Lifeless emissaries of evil crazed
by the pleasure of their vile inhumanities
Wretched outcasts of the underworld
condemned to roam the earth and kill all that lives...
They will march for satan-demons-guardians of the damned
Vile-haunting-soulless creatures, satan's-legions of the dead
They will march for satan-demons-guardians of the damned
Vile-haunting-soulless creatures, satan's-legions of the dead
They will march for satan-demons-guardians of the damned
Vile-haunting-soulless creatures, satan's-legions of the dead
The darkest day of horror the world has ever known!"
"1129" "I feel the dark embrace the light
I see the black engulf the white
I can sense it, life denying
Take me from this cold fucking world
Life defying
...Hating everything
Life declining...
Seems there's no time for me
Cursing my own destiny
Sorrow flies on black wings
Riding the cursed wings of grief
Silence!
Hear sorrow laughing
Hear joy crying
Ride the black wings of sorrow
Silence!
Hear death screaming
Hear life dying
After going through
the darkest nightmares
I could only trust my self.
For the ones who loved me...
...will be happy to hate me
Don't just stand there!
My black tree withers
Take me away to the forest of believes.
Where the roots will rest
and I can have... serenity!
I want to feel the black rivers water
The current gliding me...
...Towards... Eternity.
Trashing what's left
Ripping, biting and cutting my flesh
Destroying this shell,
to finally escape my private hell"
"1130" "I play and sing
Dawn
When they ask me for my autograph
I catch you in the corner of my eye
And I know that smile upon your face
Means we made it girl, you and I
From the hard life on the south side
To the spotlight here on the stage
[Chorus:]
Now watch me play
Hear me sing la-la-la la-la-la-la
I play and sing for you la-la-la-la
Hear the applause
Without you, no telling where I'd be
Singing me a different song
Breaking rocks for ten or twenty years
But you wouldn't let me go wrong
Standing by me 'cause you love me
Now darling, this one's for you
[Chorus x3]
Now watch me play
Hear me sing la-la-la la-la-la-la"
"1131" "Tonight I'm yours,
And you are mine, now.
But is it love,
Or just summertime, now?
Ooh, the time is right,
Come hold me tight.
Let's grab onto the love that we can borrow.
And let's not hang each other up,
With words that we'll forget about tomorrow.
Cause the things we write in the summer sand,
The \"I love you\"'s and the future plans,
Disappear, slip right through your hand,
Like this warm, soft bed of summer sand.
You got someone,
And so do I, now.
Our hearts are locked in,
So why should we lie, now?
Bathe with me in harmony.
Let's sing our summer song and sing it sweetly,
For we can't stop the autumn wind that blows away,
The summer sand completely.
Yes, the things we write in the summer sand,
The \"I love you\"'s and the future plans,
Disappear, slip right through your hand,
Like this warm, soft bed of summer sand.
Oh, the time is right,
Come hold me tight.
Let's grab onto the love that we can borrow.
And let's not hang each other up,
With words that we'll forget about tomorrow.
Cause the things we write in the summer sands,
The \"I love you\"'s and the future plans,
Disappear, slip right through your hand,
Like this warm, soft bed of summer sand.
Things we write in the summer sands,
The \"I love you\"'s and the future plans,
Disappear, slip right through your hand,
Like this warm, soft bed of summer sand."
"1132" "Wala na akong makita sa iyong mga mata
Dati rati'y isang tingin mo lang alam ko na
Bakit ngayon ika'y nababalot sa kulay ng hatinggabi
Nagtatanong, nangangarap na ika'y magisnang muli
Kung may bagyo o kung tag-araw
Sa iyong damdamin
Sana ay makilala kang muli, tulad ng dati
Halika at lumapit kang muli, tulad ng dati
Wala na akong maramdaman sa iyong mga kamay
Dati rati'y isang hawak ko lang, alam ko na
Alam ko na
Kung may bagyo o kung tag-araw sa iyong damdamin
Sana ya makilala kang muli, tulad ng dati
Halika at lumapit kang muli, tulad ng dati..."
"1133" "I hear some people get married in the park on Sunday afternoon
And all their friends bring pretty flowers while the band plays a happy
Tune Now do you want me, do you need me, Do you love me like I love you?
Ooo
What are you doing Sunday baby? Would you like to marry me?
What do you say now? If it's a nice day now
What are you doing Sunday baby? Gee, I want to marry you
Oh, what are you doing Sunday afternoon?
Maybe we should wait 'til night to join hands 'neath the stars above
And we'll be kissing our first kiss by moonlight as we vow eternal love
Now do you want me, do you need me, Do you love me like I love you? Ooo
What are you doing Sunday baby? Would you like to marry me?
What do you say now? If it's a nice day now
What are you doing Sunday baby? Gee, I want to marry you
Oh, what are you doing Sunday afternoon?
Now do you want me, do you need me, baby
Love me like I love you?
What are you doing Sunday baby? Would you like to marry me?
What do you say now? If it's a nice day now
What are you doing Sunday baby? Gee, I want to marry you"
"1134" ""
"1135" ""
"1136" ""
"1137" ""
"1138" ""
"1139" ""
"1140" ""
"1141" ""
"1142" ""
"1143" ""
"1144" ""
"1145" "Does anybody even notice?
Does anybody even care?"
"1146" "- .
- .
- .
- .
- , .
, , ,
,
, ,
,
, , ,
, ,
, ,
, ,
, 10,
- !
, ? !
, ,
-, .
-,
. , !
, .
,
, ,
, .
,
- .
.
, .
- .
, .
- .
? .
, ,
.
- :
, ,
220 ,
,
,
- ,
- ,
- .
,
. , !
,
, .
, !
,
,
.
, !
,
,
, .
, !
, .
- , .
- :
! -!"
"1147" "...
,
,
.
,
!
,
.
,
.
!
...
,
.
,
.
!
..."
"1148" ",
.
-
!
, , ,
, !
, !
, , ,
,
, !
,
.
,
, .
, ,
.
, ,
, ,
.
, , ,
!
, , ,
, !
, !
, , ,
,
, !
.
: , .
,
.
, ,
.
:
\" - \"!
: ,
,
, ,
,
- ,
, ,
- .
!
, , ,
, !
, !
, , ,
,
, !
, .
, , ,
.
,
15 ,
, ,
.
, , ,
- ,
, ,
, , .
,
.
,
!
, , ,
, !
, !
, , ,
,
, !"
"1149" ", , ...
.
: ,
, ,
.
, .
.
, .
, .
,
, ,
.
,
.
,
!
, , ...
, ,
: -
! ,
, .
, .
38 ,
.
, !
, ,
,
, ,
?
, ?
.
?
!
...
, ...
!
, , ...
,
.
,
- .
, .
: .
: \" \", -
!"
"1150" ", !
- .
. - !
, !
, ,
!
.
.
--- . .
, .
.
,
.
,
, , --
, ,
, .
, ,
OK!
, , . !
.
,
:
\" , ,
\".
, , .
.
,
.
, ,
.
, - . , , ?
, - !
, , ,
, .
, , ,
!
, ,
, !
Everybody dance with me ain't you!
,
?
, !
, , ...
, , , ! .
- .
, , ,
.
, ,
, .
, \"\",
, .
, .
, ! !
, ,
, , ?
, - . , .
, ,
, .
- ? - .
, ,
: , .
, .
.
, , .
, .
! ! .
- .
- .
- .
, ,
- .
! , .
, , .
, ! .
- .
,
!"
"1151" ", - .
, .
, .
, .
, , ,
, :
\" , ,
, \", -
, .
, .
!
, ,
, ,
, ,
, !
, ,
, .
: \"! ?\"
- .
: \" ,
\".
,
.
, , , ,
,
, , ,
.
, ,
, ,
, ,
.
, .
.
, ,
, ,
, ,
, !
,
!
!? !
!? !
!? !
!? !
!? !
!? !
!?
,
,
- ,
.
- , , .
, :
, -
.
, .
.
- :
, .
!
, ,
, ,
, ,
, !"
"1152" "- , .
.
,
, .
, ,
,
, ,
.
, - .
, -
,
.
-
.
,
, ,
.
, , .
, ! --!
, ! , !
, , .
, ,
,
, ,
- , ,
- , ,
- , ,
.
,
, , , ,
, ,
.
, , ,
, .
.
, ,
.
, , .
! --!
, , , .
, , , .
, !
,
.
.
- .
, sound,
...
.
, ."
"1153" "!
, ,
, .
- ,
.
-,
,
-
.
- ,
,
:
\" !\"
\" ,\" - ,
,
,
, .
,
,
, ,
, , , ,
, .
: \" , !\" -
,
.
,
,
: \", ,\"
, : \" !\"
- ! - ? - !
, , !
?
?
,
,
, :
, .
, ,
,
, ,
.
, ,
,
, ,
: \"-\", : \" !\"
- ! - ? - !
,
,
,
,
,
!
,
,
!
,
!
,
,
,
!
, , , ,
,
,
!"
"1154" ",
.
,
.
,
.
,
.
!
!
,
- .
,
.
.
,
.
, ,
.
,
."
"1155" ",
:
?
- ,
.
?
! !
,
,
.
! .
! .
! ,
.
! .
! .
!
!
,
.
,
.
,
,
, !
! .
! .
! ,
.
! .
! .
!
!"
"1156" "- !
Come on! Move your body!
Your body! , , !
,
, .
! ,
.
,
- !
,
.
- , -
.
,
.
- !
- !..
, !
,
,
,
- !
, ,
, ,
.
, , ,
,
, ,
- :
- !
, , :
,
, ,
, !
,
,
!
- !"
"1157" "- !..
, ,
, ,
, ,
, !
,
, .
- , .
.
!
, -.
.
!
DJ .
! .
,
.
!
, .
, .
.
.
, .
, .
.
, ...
, ,
,
, ,
,
, ,
,
, ,
!"
"1158" ", , , !
.
,
!
.
.
, ,
.
- -:
.
,
.
. ,
-style!
, , ,
.
, .
.
, ,
.
!
. , ,
.
,
- .
, ,
.
,
!
!
, , , !
.
,
!"
"1159" ",
,
,
, .
,
.
,
.
, ! .
.
,
.
, , , .
.
, ,
: \" , --!\"
,
,
,
, .
,
.
,
.
!
, ! -!
- !
!
- !
- , !
- !
!
, ,
.
,
, .
,
-.
,
.
,
.
,
.
,
, -!
,
,
,
, .
,
.
,
.
, ,
,
,
,
, ,
,
, ,
,
, ,
.
,
.
,
,
, ,
.
,
, ,
,
.
,
.
:
- !"
"1160" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Az els fnykp, ltod, n vagyok,
s az asztalon borospohr,
a msodik kp, nzd csak, az apm,
csillog a pohr, mit szjhoz emel.
A harmadik kp vletlen lehet;
ppen az anym pohrba tlt,
ez pedig mez, pp vihar utn.
Vg kirnduls, ngy ve lehetett.
Fehr pihetollbl egy pall vezet
a homlokcsonttl a tarkig,
emberek jrnak vgig a palln,
odbb egy mez, ppen vihar utn.
Fehr pihetollbl val hd reszket,
ott vonul rajta apm, anym,
ott megy nagyapm, mgtte fiam,
csillog a pohr, szjukhoz emelik.
A mutatujj krmben lakik
a ddnagyapm s kapm,
az asszonyoknak gerincem jutott,
ott futnak vgig dd s az kanym.
Van mg egy kis hely, ahol a bokm,
ahol a bokm lbszrba fut,
itt vetnek gncsot, itt lnek lesben
ht regasszony, hetvenht unokm.
Az els fnykp, ltod, n vagyok,
s az asztalon borospohr,
a msodik kp, nzd csak, n vagyok,
csillog a pohr, a szmhoz emelem.
A harmadik kp vletlen lehet;
pohrba tltk, megintcsak n,
ez pedig mez, pp vihar utn.
Vg kirnduls, ngy ve lehetett.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1161" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Kezem is van, s lbam is van,
s gy forgok, ahogy forogni kell,
flem a hangra, szemem ltsra,
s gy hajlok, mint aki vzbe mer.
Vzbl mertek, gy mint az okos asszonyok,
futsra szlettem, futni, mint prmes llatok.
Havas tarlkon futni,
loholni, mint csak rka tud,
akrki van nyomban,
a rka nem miatta fut.
Vrsrozsdj prm lobogsa,
horgas inakkal vgig a tarln,
kpek a szemben,
porzik a tarln a dr...
rka futsa.
Havas tarlkon, sanda futssal,
ahogy a rka fut,
n olyan futsra szlettem,
ahogy a rka tud,
vzbl mertenk, gy mint az okos asszonyok,
futsra szlettem, futni, mint a prmes llatok.
Inaknak pros tnca,
inakban ezer v,
az irha ezer rnca,
havas tarl s szrke g.
Vrsrozsdj prm lobogsa,
horgas inakkal vgig a tarln,
kpek a szemben,
porzik a tarln a dr...
rka futsa.
Kezem is van, s lbam is van,
s gy hajlok, mint aki vzbe mer,
inakbl hlt hordok testemben,
s izmot, ha futni kell,
futsra szlettem, s a tzre vizet hozok,
forogni, mint a rka, futni, mint prmes llatok.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1162" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Remljk,
Mary,
fehr karcsonyunk lesz,
szp gombos cipm,
Mary,
ksztsd el.
Ez lesz majd,
Mary,
ez lesz az nnep,
nem is volt els,
s nem lesz majd
kvetkez.
A tkreink,
Mary,
blcsen mind elkoptak
s rocsda, rozsdafoltokkal
pettyes,
pettyezve mind.
Ideje,
Mary,
tiszta, vadonatj
fnyre kicserlni
a tkreink,
Mary, Mary.
Ne sss
kalcsot,
figyelj csak, Mary,
a szp gombos cipm,
Mary,
ksztsd el.
Ideje,
Mary,
tiszta, vadonatj
fnyre kicserlni
a tkreink,
Mary, Mary.
Remljk,
Mary,
fehr karcsonyunk lesz,
Ne sss kalcsot,
figyelj csak,
figyelj, Mary.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1163" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Az otthonom,
az otthonom, megsgom: egy karcs fszl,
oly szp ltvny
kelvn a nap.
A nap betz,
thatol, zlden ragyog a krpiton,
oly szp ltvny
fszlszobm.
Minden forog,
krbeforog s baktat a maga tjn,
n s apad
a klorofill.
Az otthonom,
az otthonom, mr tudom, egy karcs fszl,
s krbefon
sok ednynyalb.
Fldhz lapt, hajlt a szl,
lek n mr csak magamr'
jaj szobm, otthonom,
otthonom egy fszl,
letemnek egy rtelme: magamaga,
megmaradjak.
Hogy, hogyan nem, egy esetlen, egy esetlen
- hvatlan vendg - feltnt
egy szentjnosbogr.
Nem mozdul el, lecvekelt, ajtmban ll,
hvatlan vendg,
fnye betz jfl utn.
Fnye betz,
zlden ragyog, zlden ragyog, furcsa brk
mozgoldnak
a krpiton.
Nem kell a nap,
nem kell a nap, jfl utn lmpafnynl
forr s buzog
a klorofill.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1164" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
A legjobb vicceket egsz letemben
november elsejn mondta el fivrem,
flembe vlttt s kzben az asztalra vert.
\"Ismered - krdezte - azt, hogy egy hzmester,
ki megszllott lottz, egyszer egy kocsit nyer,
s vle egy rangyalt, kit elgzol vletlenl.\"
\"Ismered - krdezte - azt, hogy a Mricka
ppen anyk napjn a tintt megissza,
s kkszn versekkel rontja el az nneplyt?\"
Romlik a hallsom, fivrem tudja jl,
gy okoskodott ht, jobb, ha kzelebhajol,
feketspoharak s levesestlak fltt.
Igy aztn csaldunk is arra knyszerlt,
hogy felemelkedjk a szkrl, melyen lt,
mind nfelm hajolt, hogy jobban halljk a szt.
\"Ismered - krdeztk bele a flembe - hogy
vadszik Arisztid s jn egy nagy medve,
kit mindig eltveszt, s az majdhogynem megli t?\"
A legjobb vicceket az egsz vilgon
november elsejn mondta el csaldom,
addg mg dobhrtym egyszerre belszakadt.
Ott ltem siketen, nzve a halakat,
hogyan is ttognak, formlnak szavakat,
mg vgl kinygtem egyetelen szt: \"Ismerem.\"
Micsoda ltvny volt november elsejn
megdbbent csaldom, hogy ezt kinygtem n,
s hogy azta is ezt a szt hajtogatom.
Ismerem, ismerem, ismerem, ismerem,
s ki is merem mr mondani, azt hogy
rg kiismertem mr ezt, ismerem, ismerem ezt.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1165" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Desir egy nap azt a megbzst kapta,
hogy mivel nagyapjnak elmje megzavarva,
rizze nagyapjt, mg moziba megy nagyanyja,
s Desir kettesben maradt nagyapjval.
Desirnek nagyapjt lgnyoms nyomta meg,
s ettl a lgnyomstl lett ilyen beteg.
Desir kitette az asztalra magnjt,
s a Don kanyarrl faggatta nagyapjt,
e szavakat mondta a szegny elmehnytnak:
\"Nagyapm, szerintem te az l mlt vagy!
Szerintem az egsz olyan, mint egy jelkp,
itt lnk; te mltknt n pedig jelenknt.
Mondj ht a magnba minden fj lmnyt,
mert engem rdekel, hogy veled mi trtnt.\"
E szavakkal odanyjtotta a mikrofont,
amit aztn a nagyapja rgtn bekapott...
Azta Desir riz egy felvtelt,
amin a nagyapja emszt pp egy telt,
zubogs, csobogs, egyb bels hangok,
szerencse, hogy nagyapja gyomra pp nem pangott...
\"E hangok itt a mlt hieroglifi,
a megfejtskben nem szabad megllni.\"
- gondolja Desir, mikzben azt hallgatja,
mit emszt belsleg talnyos nagyapja.
Ugy gondolom, kvethetjk tjn Desirt,
nyjtsa kezt egyms fel minden nemzedk.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1166" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Minket a tnczene sz,
Valami I love you so
hozott ssze...
Valami hres nekes
valami angol szveget
nekelt...
I need you, I need you, I need you!
Br se te, se n,
nem tudtunk angolul,
mgis azt hittk ott,
hogy mindazt, mi belnk szorult,
ez kimondja angolul.
O, az az nekes
nekelt angolul,
s mi azt hittk ott,
hogy mindazt, mi nincsen meg magyarul,
megrtk angolul.
Minket a tnczene sz,
valami I love you so
hozott ssze... - Are you longsome tonight...
Valami dal, amibe
azt magyarztuk mi bele,
hogy dubidu...
O, az az nekes
brmirl nekelt,
gy tudtuk rla mi,
hogy jobb , mint mi vagyunk,
az lete sokkal tbbet r,
mint mi vagyunk.
s mi most itt vagyunk,
s amit mi tudunk,
s mi belnk szorult
nem tudjuk magyarul
s nincsen megrva az angolul.
Hol az a tnc, amibe
a mi letnk szorult bele
s jrhat. I need you!
Hol az a nyelv, amibe
a mi tncunk szorult bele
s mondhat.
Taln tvedtnk mi ott,
, az a rohadt nekes,
kr hogy angolul nekelt!
O, az az nekes
mirt nem nekelt
mineknk
valahogy
brhogyan
akrhogy
magyarul.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1167" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
F a szl s a fagy kgyja sziszeg,
hban feksznk s nem tudom, hogy mi van teveled.
Jgcsapok kzt ltom gni szd,
g a h, gy fekszem r, mint rd.
Mikor tallkozunk?
Posta nincs, se csillag a vllapon,
n fekszem itt s megy a sz0zdom,
Msodik Magyar Hadseregem,
mi a nevem s a fegyvernemem?
Mi a fegyvernemem?
Mi a fegyvernemem?
F a szl a vlgyn, rteken,
n fekszem itt s szzadom megyen,
posta nincs s n azt krdezem;
mi a nevem s a fegyvernemem?
Mi a nevem s a fegyvernemem?
Mi a nevem s a fegyvernemem?
F a szl s a fagy kgyja sziszeg,
a posta nem hoz tled tbb mr levelet,
ll a trn s a vllapon jgvirg,
g a h, gy fekszem r, mint rd.
Mi a fegyvernemem?
Mi a fegyvernemem?
Transcribed by IITI"
"1168" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Csnadrg s hegyes cip,
gy llok Forte filmeken,
Mamb magnbl szl a dal.
Nem vagy, de voltl kamaszkorom.
Milyen csods ugrndozs,
kitrt kar eljuls,
Egy Rajnk nev klubvezet
vigyzott rnk, amg
Mamb magnn szlt a dal.
Hrman elloptunk egy Skodt.
A Hsk ternl kaptak el.
Hnytam az izgalom miatt.
S gy vltoztattam iskolt.
Harangszoknyk kt oldalt
harangnyelvknt veri a lb,
Kitrt kar eljuls.
A vodka 32 forint.
S Mamb magnn szl a dal.
Mlyvzi letforma volt,
j kultrnak tnt pedig,
de felszradt, mint egy vodkafolt,
s eltnt, mint a rakkendrollmjuzik.
Csak kirnduls, egy rnduls,
egy rnduls, amely megllt,
serceg ma mr vagy szerteszt szakadt,
mint magnszalagok
a rgi Mamb magnn,
a rgi Mamb magnn,
a rgi Mamb magnn...
Sztszakadtak, elszakadtak,
nem szlnak mr semmifle fordulatnak.
Rndultak csak, majd meglltak,
szz darabra sztcincltak.
Sztszakadtak, elszakadtak,
nem szlnak mr semmifle fordulatnak.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1169" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
70 vagy 60, most 76 van.
Arctalan v ez, mondd meg Irnnek.
Mondd meg Irnnek: a nyolcvanas vek
sapkt viselnek. Ird meg Irnnek.
Tz van bellk, lass a lptk.
Sapkt viselnek, rnykban jnnek.
Jl le van hzva mind a tz sapka.
Homlok takarva, tz orr takarva.
Tz szj takarva, tz ll takarva.
Szem eltakarva, tz darab sapka.
Tz fehr bottal, t tgetve.
Nem sebbel-lobbal. Krbekerengve.
Meg-megbotolva. Bottal kopogva.
Ird meg Irnnek: a nyolcvanas vek.
Mondd meg Irnnek. Ird meg Irnnek.
A nyolcvanas vek, mondd meg Irnnek,
a semmibe nznek. Semmit se krnek.
Semmit se flnek. Bjj ide krlek.
Tz fehr bot van bent a szememben.
Ut tgetve. Nzd, miv lettem.
Ut tgetve. Tz fehr bottal.
Itt van az j zaj. Itt van az j zaj.
Tz fehr bot jn tra zuhogva.
Mondd meg Irnnek: tz fs a banda.
Mondd meg Irnnek: semmit se flek.
Mondd meg Irnnek: mr semmit se flek.
Mondd meg Irnnek: n mr semmit se flek,
semmit se flek, semmit se flek...
Mondd meg Irnnek, hogy vrom ket.
Mondd meg Irnnek, n itt vrom ket.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1170" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Elutazott tlnk csaldunk egyik tagja,
akit oly hn szerettnk,
egy Valsg nev nagybtym.
Sajnos mr nincsen velnk,
levelet r csak neknk,
Sajnos mr nincsen velnk,
levelet r csak neknk.
Ha levl jn tle, csak gy kapkodjuk ki egyms kezbl,
srva s nevetve olvassuk jellegzetes kezerst.
Ezer cskkal is felr
egy egy gyngybets levl.
Ezer cskkal is felr
egy egy gyngybets levl.
\"Habr tvol lek, remlem megvagytok
s szorgalmasan polgatjtok mg az emlkem,
s hossz estk sorn
gondoltok nha rem.
s hossz estk sorn
gondoltok nha rem.
S felhasznlva az alkalmat, felhvom a csald tagjainak
becses figyelmt a szksges vatossgra,
mert addhatnak bajok,
most, hogy n tvol vagyok.
Mert addhatnak bajok,
most, hogy n tvol vagyok.
s ezzel zrom is soraim, lelek, cskolok
mindenkit s maradok tisztelettel, Valsg.\"
S csaldunk sr meg nevet
olvasvn ezt a nevet.
S csaldunk sr meg nevet
olvasvn ezt a nevet.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1171" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Desir egy nap azt a megbzst kapta,
hogy mivel nagyapjnak elmje megzavarva,
rizze nagyapjt, mg moziba megy nagyanyja,
s Desir kettesben maradt nagyapjval.
Desirnek nagyapjt lgnyoms nyomta meg,
s ettl a lgnyomstl lett ilyen beteg.
Desir kitette az asztalra magnjt,
s a Don kanyarrl faggatta nagyapjt,
e szavakat mondta a szegny elmehnytnak:
\"Nagyapm, szerintem te az l mlt vagy!
Szerintem az egsz olyan, mint egy jelkp,
itt lnk; te mltknt n pedig jelenknt.
Mondj ht a magnba minden fj lmnyt,
mert engem rdekel, hogy veled mi trtnt.\"
E szavakkal odanyjtotta a mikrofont,
amit aztn a nagyapja rgtn bekapott...
Azta Desir riz egy felvtelt,
amin a nagyapja emszt pp egy telt,
zubogs, csobogs, egyb bels hangok,
szerencse, hogy nagyapja gyomra pp nem pangott...
\"E hangok itt a mlt hieroglifi,
a megfejtskben nem szabad megllni.\"
- gondolja Desir, mikzben azt hallgatja,
mit emszt belsleg talnyos nagyapja.
Ugy gondolom, kvethetjk tjn Desirt,
nyjtsa kezt egyms fel minden nemzedk.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1172" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Elutazott tlnk csaldunk egyik tagja,
akit oly hn szerettnk,
egy Valsg nev nagybtym.
Sajnos mr nincsen velnk,
levelet r csak neknk,
Sajnos mr nincsen velnk,
levelet r csak neknk.
Ha levl jn tle, csak gy kapkodjuk ki egyms kezbl,
srva s nevetve olvassuk jellegzetes kezerst.
Ezer cskkal is felr
egy egy gyngybets levl.
Ezer cskkal is felr
egy egy gyngybets levl.
\"Habr tvol lek, remlem megvagytok
s szorgalmasan polgatjtok mg az emlkem,
s hossz estk sorn
gondoltok nha rem.
s hossz estk sorn
gondoltok nha rem.
S felhasznlva az alkalmat, felhvom a csald tagjainak
becses figyelmt a szksges vatossgra,
mert addhatnak bajok,
most, hogy n tvol vagyok.
Mert addhatnak bajok,
most, hogy n tvol vagyok.
s ezzel zrom is soraim, lelek, cskolok
mindenkit s maradok tisztelettel, Valsg.\"
S csaldunk sr meg nevet
olvasvn ezt a nevet.
S csaldunk sr meg nevet
olvasvn ezt a nevet.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1173" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Egy hfehr jszakn Fjodor Mihajlovics
Ptervrott megll, mgtte senki sincs
csak egyvalaki,
s mert sejti hogy ki,
htra se nzve szl Fjodor Mihajlovics:
\"Szlj, rdg, mi dolgod velem? Rviden szt kerts!
Aztn iszkiri!
Nem llhatlak ki!\"
\"Mg ifj r n, Fjodor Mihajlovics,
- szlt egy hang a ht mgl - jvje drga kincs,
s a cr ellen itt
sszeeskszik...\"
\"Vszes e trsasg, amelynek tagja lett,
Prizst kpzel ide Ptervr helyett,
mind csupa gg,
sszeeskvk.\"
\"De mr holnap reggelen lncban lesz, bizony,
s lakni fogja majd, megjsolhatom,
nyolc ven t
Szibrit!\"
\"Hoh - nevet fl erre fel Fjodor Mihajlovics -
rnak a tapasztalat, a szenveds drga kincs!
Lssuk teht
Szibrit!\"
\"Mg ifj r n - szl az rdg ott -
jobb ht, ha folytatom mg a jslatot,
mert lesz egy fanyar,
fura kanyar...\"
\"Mert j, mondjuk szenved ott, Fjodor Mihajlovics,
s midn visszatr, sok akadlya nincs,
a nagy knyveket
rhatja meg. Amde most figyeljen, Btyuska!\"
\"Mert e nagy mvekben kromolja majd
rgenvolt trsait, kikkel most sszetart,
s a cr ellen itt
sszeeskszik.\"
\"s Prizs fert lesz az j eszmivel,
a 'mirt' helyett csak a 'hogyan'-t keresi majd, mivel
rdekesek
az emberek.\"
\"Igy jut el az emberhez az intzmny helyett
- szlt a hang s nevetett, ott a ht megett -
Hihihihi,
Dosztojevszkij!\"
Igy maradt vgl ott Fjodor Mihajlovics,
rzva zg fejt, egy gondolata sincs,
hogy itt mi lesz, ki rti ezt?
Hogy itt mi lesz, ki rti ezt?
Gondolat helyett
gondolatmenet.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1174" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
J lenne egy szp napon kzenfogni Szz Mrit,
gy szlva: van egy hzam, legynk ketten a szent csald,
nemznk majd Jzusokat a hzban,
hol kert alatt ballag a lass dlutn.
Estnknt be-benzne hozznk mind a hrom kirly,
ott vacsorzna Gspr, Menyhrt s Boldizsr,
s mulva nznnk csak t,
hogy ez a csendes hz Megvltt nevel,
bkn s szelden csak,
hisz a Megvlt mg trkeny kisgyermek;
ennie kell, bkben njn fel.
Kne mg egy pr tyk is, hogy frstkre jusson tojs,
nkem a kerti munka, s Mrinak a nagymoss,
h0rom-ngy rend ruha s a hzon friss meszels,
mert e hz Megvltt nevel.
s aztn vnemberknt kzenfogni Szz Mrit,
s a hz ell nzni, hogyan viszik el a fit,
mulva nzni csak t,
htunk mgtt a hz, mely megvltt nevelt,
a hz s a szent csald, akik megvtk t,
s tudtk, hogy ennie kell,
hogy Jzusnak ennie kell.
s aztn be a hzba, kz a kzben Mrival,
persze a fejnk fltt jlmegrdemelt glrival,
elvittk Megvltnkat, bezrni az ajtkat,
s gyorsan egy jat nemzeni.
s most egy jat nemzeni.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1175" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Kezem is van, s lbam is van,
s gy forgok, ahogy forogni kell,
flem a hangra, szemem ltsra,
s gy hajlok, mint aki vzbe mer.
Vzbl mertek, gy mint az okos asszonyok,
futsra szlettem, futni, mint prmes llatok.
Havas tarlkon futni,
loholni, mint csak rka tud,
akrki van nyomban,
a rka nem miatta fut.
Vrsrozsdj prm lobogsa,
horgas inakkal vgig a tarln,
kpek a szemben,
porzik a tarln a dr...
rka futsa.
Havas tarlkon, sanda futssal,
ahogy a rka fut,
n olyan futsra szlettem,
ahogy a rka tud,
vzbl mertenk, gy mint az okos asszonyok,
futsra szlettem, futni, mint a prmes llatok.
Inaknak pros tnca,
inakban ezer v,
az irha ezer rnca,
havas tarl s szrke g.
Vrsrozsdj prm lobogsa,
horgas inakkal vgig a tarln,
kpek a szemben,
porzik a tarln a dr...
rka futsa.
Kezem is van, s lbam is van,
s gy hajlok, mint aki vzbe mer,
inakbl hlt hordok testemben,
s izmot, ha futni kell,
futsra szlettem, s a tzre vizet hozok,
forogni, mint a rka, futni, mint prmes llatok.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1176" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
s puskatussal s gre a kz
s bajonttal s tovbb
s mindig hej,
s nem krumplirt, sem pedig paszulyrt,
de mindig hej,
mint gyban a kisasszonyok,
gy dglenek a csillagok
hrom szablya van a hallnak,
a bakra elsnek - piros szekr -
s a f alatt hej,
balgasg, vakhit van ott is,
a falatt,
s vgl hej-hej-hej-hej, he-e-hej,
Baksa Jnos odavan,
Sznt Jnos odavan,
megvasalt talp szz piros szekren
fnyes zszlval igazn csakugyan,
s akit hej,
s akit - mg a lovat verte - meglttek,
az nincs ott hej,
a vgnek is a vgnl,
a vglegvgleg vgnl.
s mindig csak vgig,
a legvgig,
a vgnek vgig,
igazn, csakugyan,
s ott aztn hej,
a k kemny lesz s a vaj puha,
s nincsen ms csak igazn,
s nincsen ms csak csakugyan.
s mindig csak vgig,
a legvgig,
a vgnek vgig,
igazn, csakugyan,
s ott aztn hej,
a k kemny lesz s a vaj puha,
s nincsen ms csak igazn,
s nincsen ms csak csakugyan.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1177" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Sej, az Aranyhd vendglnek ajtaja kitrva,
sej, de ott mulat Antoine, szegny, iszik egymagba.
Flbe egy nta, flbe egy nta,
flbe egy nta, flbe egy nta,
az a rgi nta...
Sej, az Aranyhd vendglnek ajtaja kitrva,
h'de bestl azon Desir, magba.
Flbe egy nta, flbe egy nta,
flbe egy nta, flbe egy nta,
szintn rgi nta.
Az a nta szl egy j lakteleprl,
h'de abba' is a sok-sok szomor emberrl.
Az oktatsi reform szksgessgrl...
Politikus nta, politikus nta,
aktulis tma.
Sej, az Aranyhd vendglnek ajtaja kitrva,
sej, de politikus nta szl ki, szl ki az utcra.
J ebdhez szl az, az a rgi nta,
Hromnegyed egy van, hromnegyed egy van,
hromnegyed egy van.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1178" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Ime, virgzik mr,
rgyeit bjtogatja
szp mandulafcska,
lm, tlben virgzik,
m csodaszp rgyeit
zzmara fogja be majd.
Vasbl val az g
fejed s tested fltt,
lsd, kbl a madr,
lsd, vassal jnnek eld,
ht ltzz most vasba
s kv meredj.
Csupn vas vd meg itt,
itt mr csak kbe bjhatsz,
lsd, urad futst,
lsd, a vred elillan.
Brnk kvek kz,
fhajunk kvek kz,
lgy, meleg test vagyunk,
hs, folykony vr vagyunk,
ht ltzznk, jaj, vasba,
s kv legynk.
Kbl val madr,
emleked csak ez rzi,
a tett s a br elrohad,
a vr, a mozdulat elillan,
ht vas legyl s egy k lgy
a kvek kzl.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1179" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Kvnom msnak, hogy felbredjen res szobmban,
keresztben jges bombzza szt azt, amit lttam,
szmban az z, valami z, s nem mlik el,
gyamban fellve levetem a kabtomat.
Egy kisvrosban, ha jl emlkszem, tl elszlltam,
hrman is voltak, ott megfogtak egy konyhban,
szrnyam is volt, ott csapkodott, plafonra vert,
ide is tdtem, oda is tdtem s odalent,
s odalent hrman is hvtak: gyere, ne flj mr,
flrertetted, nem gy gondoltuk, hova is szllnl,
szrnyaimbl hullott a toll, s a kisvroson
csendesen tment egy autval egy rokonom.
Ez az a rokon, akire leginkbb szmtottam,
s volt az, aki otthagyott egymagamban,
kint elzgott egy autban, puha estben,
neki elrulnm, hogy ott a konyhban mitl fltem.
Egy kisvrosban, ha jl emlkszem, tl elszlltam,
hrman is voltak, ott megfogtak egy konyhban,
pihegtem ott, s aki fogott, langyos tenyr,
s hallottam mg, tvol egy aut a sztrdra r.
- Tegyk az gyra, fradtnak ltszik, vigyzz, Laci!
- Nem kell mr mindjrt az gyat vlasztani.
- Aludj mr, mi bajod, jszaka van!
- Miket is kiablsz, miket is, szegny fiam!
- Micsoda rokon, micsoda aut, micsoda t?
- Tudtam, hogy vgl, tudtam, hogy vglis idejut!
- Vigyzz, felugrik, fogd meg szegnyt!
- Mit kvnsz, krsz egy kis, krsz egy kis tojslepnyt?
Akkor ht igyunk, ha mr tl vagyunk az ijedtsgen!
Akarod, hogy megcskoljalak? Annyira fltem!
Ott hagytuk abba... hol is, Laci?
Holnap majd elmegynk jegyeket vltani...
Egy kisvrosban, ha jl emlkszem, tl elszlltam,
hrman is voltak, ott megfogtak egy konyhban,
szrnyaimbl hullott a toll, s a kisvroson,
csendesen thajtott egy autval egy rokonom,
csendesen tment puha estben egy rokonom.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1180" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Taln az elmlt v.
s abbl is az sz.
Az sz, s az szbl egy t.
Egy t, autn, Pcs fel.
Taln. Tn arra az tra mondhat,
hogy igen. Az volt a j.
Tavaly egy rvid utazs.
Autn, le Pcs fel.
Tavaly. Egy rvid utazs.
Taln. Tn arra mondhat,
hogy igen, az volt a j.
Autn, le Pcs fel.
Igen. Taln csak az volt a j.
Igen. Taln csak ennyi az egsz.
Tavaly, egy rvid utazs...
Transcribed by IITI"
"1181" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Fehr zubbonyban,
stt nadrgban az ton futok,
htam mgtt,
vive la republique - kt l dobog.
A htam mgtt
vashegyek fut clra hajlanak,
dzsidja vgt
kengyelbe akasztja a kt lovas.
Most...szembefordulni...
Vive la...szembefordulni...
Fehr zubbonyban - utols ruhm -
kengyelbe akasztott dzsidk eltt
- vive la republique -
szembe velem - vive... - lovak dobognak
s senkisem...
Nem, ne, csak gy ne!
Hogy nem ltja senki, nem gy akarom!
Szembefordulni...
Nem ltnak, nem tudjk... csak dobogs...
Hisz nem is ltjk,
senki sem ltja, hogy szembefordulok!
Igy szrnak belm
- vive la republique - gy szrnak belm.
Senki... lovak dobognak...
Nem, ne gy legyen - vive la...
Transcribed by IITI"
"1182" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Robog vonaton, ders vasrnapon
rkeznk ide n, a kabt knnyedn
tvetve karomon, gy mint
mint egy idegen, egy olyan frdhelyen,
ahol mg sohasem, sohasem jrt ilyen
utaz, nagybeteg idegen,
lehzva szememig, kalapom szememig,
fekete kalapom karimja all
betegen bmulna szemem.
Hrsfk alatt, szp hrsfk alatt,
botommal knnyedn lenyakaznk n egy virgot
s azt mondanm: mi ez?
Az es most nekikezd, s n azt krdeznm, hogy mi ez,
hiszen mg sohasem jrtam n egy ilyen
nagy, kihalt frdhelyen,
fk alatt, ennyi hrs alatt...
Lobog gyertykban sz szobk
vrnk, hogy rkezem.
A kszbn llnk s a karomon kabt
ez elhagyott frdhelyen.
Akkor szeretnk megllni ott,
kinek nincs apja, anyja, nincs kze,
egy vendg, ki ltok s tapasztalok,
kinek karima all nz ki szeme.
Akkor szeretnk megllni ott,
kinek kezdete sincs s vgzete sincs,
egy vendg, ki ltok s tapasztalok,
kinek kezdete, vgzete sincs.
Lobog gyertykban sz szobk
vrnk, hogy rkezem.
A kszbn llnk, tl nincsen tovbb,
nincsen tbb vgzetem.
Szememre csszott fekete kalap,
a kszbn tl mr nem magyar vagyok,
se vak gets, se eltvedt lovas,
csak ltok s tapasztalok.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1183" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Az cska cipt egy este mr
olyan vastagon lepte a sr,
hogy vgl megllt,
csak bmult Desir.
Desir gy suttogott:
\"Istenem, istenem!
Micsoda vidk!
micsoda egy cska vidk!
A cipm milyen cska mr.\"
pp egy kocsma eltt
gondolt arra Desir,
mit is mondott Antoine.
Tn egy ve lehetett.
\"Ne bmulj bambn, ha esik
az es, az es.\"
Jl van - gondolta Desir -
tovbbmegyek.
Istenem, istenem,
micsoda vidk,
micsoda egy cska vidk,
nzd a cipm milyen cska mr.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1184" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Fehr zubbonyban,
stt nadrgban az ton futok,
htam mgtt,
vive la republique - kt l dobog.
A htam mgtt
vashegyek fut clra hajlanak,
dzsidja vgt
kengyelbe akasztja a kt lovas.
Most...szembefordulni...
Vive la...szembefordulni...
Fehr zubbonyban - utols ruhm -
kengyelbe akasztott dzsidk eltt
- vive la republique -
szembe velem - vive... - lovak dobognak
s senkisem...
Nem, ne, csak gy ne!
Hogy nem ltja senki, nem gy akarom!
Szembefordulni...
Nem ltnak, nem tudjk... csak dobogs...
Hisz nem is ltjk,
senki sem ltja, hogy szembefordulok!
Igy szrnak belm
- vive la republique - gy szrnak belm.
Senki... lovak dobognak...
Nem, ne gy legyen - vive la...
Transcribed by IITI"
"1185" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Este van mr, este van,
minden madr festve van,
mg a fszkk is festett fszek.
Este van mr, este van,
mg az g is festve van,
n magam is festett vagyok, no lm.
n a kprl lenzek,
egy megfestett legnynek
festkszeme min akadhat meg?
Nzek festk szememmel,
s megfestett eszemmel
jl megfestett gondolataim vannak.
Htam mgtt almafk,
n vagyok az ifjsg:
egy tjkpbl hangulatos rsz.
Jl megfestett engemet
mr valaki, s kerteket,
vrosokat pinglt nmgm, no lm.
Tjkpen ki vg vagyok,
des dvzls vagyok,
festett lvn, mit tehetnk mst:
Ht n vagyok a hetvenes
vek ifja, ki nem leszek
gysem ms, csak vg.
Elgedett.
Festett.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1186" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Sorok fehr papron,
egyms al rom,
rgi betvet,
eddig zenget.
Utols kziratknt
rdbzom, hogy mi trtnt,
mg egy utirat,
a pontossg miatt.
Csak mg egy utirat,
a pontossg miatt,
s mr zrom n
az sszes levelem, Irn.
Csak mg egy utirat,
amiben kzlm, hogy mindenki sztszaladt,
hogy prbljunk most szerteszt,
ki-ki magnak szerencst.
Micsoda egy utirat,
amiben mindenki sztszalad,
tintnk egyre fogy, betink dlnglnek, Irn.
De a pontossg miatt
kzlm, hogy sztszakad
az egynek tnt egsz, s most minden
rsznek htraarc.
Itthagyjuk egymst Irn,
mitlnk bcszom n,
ha voltunk egytt valaha,
akkor ez az egytt utirata.
s ha mr ez utirat,
ht legynk csak pontosak:
egymsnak htraarc kvetkezik,
valami pontos terv szerint.
Ht ez volt az utirat,
pusztn a pontossg miatt,
tintm fogyasztom n Irn,
mitlnk bcszom n.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1187" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Desir s az es a cme a dalnak,
amit harminckt ve ddolok.
Kt szereplje van: Desir s az es,
Az es zuhog, s Desir benne ll.
Lemos az es Desirrl mindent,
kalapot, ruht, fzstl cipt.
Egy meztelen test, Desir csak ez.
Ez milyen es? Ez komoly es.
Antoine jn s krdi Desirt:
\"Azt hiszed taln megszabadulsz valamitl?
Kalapod, ruhd, fzstl cipd,
lemllott, na j, s tiszta vagy, na j,
de krdezem n, hangsllyal, Desir:
arcodra szradt szoksaiddal mi lesz?\"
\"Mondd, hogy rted ezt? - krdezi zva Desir -
Tn reg vagyok, szoksaim rabja csak?
Megkrlek Antoine, csak azt ne mondd, hogy
remnytelen itten llnom, itt e komoly esben znom,
de igenis leviszi majd rlam, amit n akarok,
krnyezetem s csaldom, szocilis krlmnyeim,
s vele minden bizalmatlansgom, ttovasgom,
msok mltjt, mit rmraktak,
csak nem gondolod, hogy ez mind majd rajtam marad,
csak nem gondolod...?\"
Antoine csupn annyit mondott: \"De igen.\"
Antoine csupn annyit mondott: \"De igen.\"
Transcribed by IITI"
"1188" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Jl figyelj, Desir!
Ltod, most benylok a bels zsebembe,
s tudod-e, mit hztam
most el?
Ltom, hogy nem tudod.
Na j, ht felfjom, mint ltod, itt van
az oldaln egy szelep.
Mit ltsz most, Desir?
Mint ltjuk, ez itt egy arnyos termet,
korban is pp hozznk ill n.
Na, milyen bart vagyok?
Tudd meg, hogy perfektl beszli
az angol, francia s orosz
nyelveket.
Ugy hivjk, hogy Aliz.
s most ezt az Alizt feldobjuk,
elszll s mi vrjuk mg
visszajn.
Ltod mr repl is.
s mi itt kvzunk, dohnyzunk,
mindent megprblunk, hogy
agyonssk majd az idt.
Ltod mr este van.
Nzd csak mr reggel van.
Meg is ebdeltnk.
Meg is regedtnk.
Milyen vnek vagyunk.
Mondj te is valamit.
Uristen, Desir!
Odanzz a tetk felett most felbukkant
Aliz s erre tart.
Uristen, jaj de szp!
Mr meg is rkezett!
Teht a kisrlet sikerlt s gy most
kiderlt: rdemes!
De trjnk magunkhoz.
Mint ltod, a szelep remekl mkdik,
Kihuzom, leereszt, elteszem.
Most minden helyrellt.
Ht akkor szervusz, most elmegyek,
rengeteg dolgom van, Desir.
s nehogy elfelejtsd:
mi ketten bebizonytottuk most itt,
hogy igenis rdemes.
Ht szervusz Desir!
Megyek. H, de reg vagy mr.
n is ilyen volnk? Nem, nem. Na j.
Szervusz Desir. Vigyzz magadra.
Megyek. Hm. Sikerlt, sikerlt,
trallala. Megyek. Desir! Vigyzz
magadra, szervusz...
Transcribed by IITI"
"1189" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Csavargk voltunk egykoron,
kerestnk szllst Sifokon,
s mert van szlls, hogyha az ember keresi,
megtudtuk, Jutknak nincsenek pp ott a szlei.
Megszlltuk hzt, egy tucat,
s ha tizenkt fi jl mulat,
ht sszetr btort, poharat s ablakot,
s mindent kidobl, mg csak Jutka marad vgl ott.
S mert Jutka maradt vgl ott,
Tizenkt fi sorsot hzott,
hogy ki lgyen els s ki lgyen utols,
ki lgyen els, ki lgyen utols.
Tucatbl voltam nyolcadik,
s aki mr tucatkodik,
brmit is csinlnak, ott van a tbbi kzt,
brhogyan fl is, ott van a tbbi kzt.
Csak egyet nem rtek azta se,
csak egyet nem rtek azta se,
lttam az arct, nem srt s nem nevetett,
lttam azta azt az arcot eleget.
Azta lett egy Moszkvicsom,
j kocsi, nincs vele sok bajom,
mlt hten munkba menet a piros lmpnl,
igen, mlt hten munkba menet a piros lmpnl
kinzek jobbra, egy busz megll,
mellette , nyakn valami sl,
hogy ismert volna fel egyet a tizenkett kzl,
ppen a nyolcadikat a tizenkett kzl.
Este felesgem krdezett,
bolond vagy, mirt bntod a gyereket,
erre valamit mondtam, hogy ebben a laksban mr nem lehet lni sem,
hogy ebben a laksban mr nem lehet lni sem.
Tucatbl vagyok nyolcadik,
s aki mr tucatkodik,
brmit is csinlnak, ott van a tbbi kzt,
brhogyan fl is, ott van a tbbi kzt.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1190" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
A 74-es v,
a 74-es tkozott
legeslegrosszabb v.
Nem jn, remlem, tbb ilyen.
A 74-es v
mindegyik hajnaln es esik,
mindegyik gya bds,
s az gyban nyirkos az gynem.
Elgelejtett v,
elsztl, elvitted gyaidat,
talponll v,
pnztros asszonyok gpeit zrget, fillres v.
Nem tudok egy napot sem,
nem tudok egyetlen ni nevet,
pedig napokbl llt
s nket, heteket, hnapokat is hozott.
A 74-es v,
amikor majd minden jszaka
a falban fmcs spolt,
s ott llt kint egy rnyk az ajtm eltt.
Az utcasarkon vrt
egy frfi s botjval rm mutatott,
stt kabtja volt,
s minden korty eltt megrepedt poharam,
s borom kifolyt.
s borom kifolyt.
S eltnt a fogasrl minden kabt,
s minden borom kifolyt,
74-ben megrepedt minden pohr,
j, hogy ennek is vge van.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1191" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Mert robog a HV
Pomzrl Pestre,
robog a HV
s hozza Bet.
Bizony a Bea,
a Bea bejr,
Pomz-Pest kztt
ingzik teht.
Homlokt rnyomja sokat
az ablak vegre Bea,
b-b-bmul,
hogy fut a tj.
A dal negyedhez elrt,
megismertk Bet,
ismerjk a HV-et s Pomzt,
ht ismertessk, mi bntja Bet,
mi a baja.
Benak baja,
hogy Pomztl Pestig,
Pest s Pomz
kztt csak gy,
egymaga mindig,
sejtelme sincsen,
hogy ltezem,
plusz n se Bet,
a bejr Bet
mg vletlenl
sem ismerem.
Robog a HV.
Felnl vagyunk a dalnak,
tudjuk, hogy Bea nlklem l,
tudjuk, hogy ezrt nem boldog,
teht e dal
ltszlag mg
egyszer dal.
De menjnk csak tovbb,
s nzzk meg Bet,
mint cseppben
a tengernyi tragdit.
Ugyanis Bea
nemcsak engem nem ismer,
hanem mg szmos szemlyt
s szmos egyb,
s szmos egyb,
nagy horderej
sok esemnyt.
Bajban van Bea,
tjkozatlan,
s viszi a HV,
ott l egymaga.
Vge ht gy van a dalnak,
hogy Bea alulinformlt marad,
ingzik ide s oda,
s alulinformlt marad.
Formlt marad.
Bizony Bea,
a Bea bejr,
b-b-bmul,
hogy fut a tj.
S gy vagyok n is,
be-be-bejr,
ki b-b-bmul,
hogy fut a tj.
s gy van mindenki,
be-be-bejr,
b-b-bmulunk,
mirt fut a tj.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1192" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Csnadrg s hegyes cip,
gy llok Forte filmeken,
Mamb magnbl szl a dal.
Nem vagy, de voltl kamaszkorom.
Milyen csods ugrndozs,
kitrt kar eljuls,
Egy Rajnk nev klubvezet
vigyzott rnk, amg
Mamb magnn szlt a dal.
Hrman elloptunk egy Skodt.
A Hsk ternl kaptak el.
Hnytam az izgalom miatt.
S gy vltoztattam iskolt.
Harangszoknyk kt oldalt
harangnyelvknt veri a lb,
Kitrt kar eljuls.
A vodka 32 forint.
S Mamb magnn szl a dal.
Mlyvzi letforma volt,
j kultrnak tnt pedig,
de felszradt, mint egy vodkafolt,
s eltnt, mint a rakkendrollmjuzik.
Csak kirnduls, egy rnduls,
egy rnduls, amely megllt,
serceg ma mr vagy szerteszt szakadt,
mint magnszalagok
a rgi Mamb magnn,
a rgi Mamb magnn,
a rgi Mamb magnn...
Sztszakadtak, elszakadtak,
nem szlnak mr semmifle fordulatnak.
Rndultak csak, majd meglltak,
szz darabra sztcincltak.
Sztszakadtak, elszakadtak,
nem szlnak mr semmifle fordulatnak.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1193" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Remljk,
Mary,
fehr karcsonyunk lesz,
szp gombos cipm,
Mary,
ksztsd el.
Ez lesz majd,
Mary,
ez lesz az nnep,
nem is volt els,
s nem lesz majd
kvetkez.
A tkreink,
Mary,
blcsen mind elkoptak
s rocsda, rozsdafoltokkal
pettyes,
pettyezve mind.
Ideje,
Mary,
tiszta, vadonatj
fnyre kicserlni
a tkreink,
Mary, Mary.
Ne sss
kalcsot,
figyelj csak, Mary,
a szp gombos cipm,
Mary,
ksztsd el.
Ideje,
Mary,
tiszta, vadonatj
fnyre kicserlni
a tkreink,
Mary, Mary.
Remljk,
Mary,
fehr karcsonyunk lesz,
Ne sss kalcsot,
figyelj csak,
figyelj, Mary.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1194" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Sohase lttam ilyen idt,
esik az es - szraz a fld,
a kz mindent kiejt,
sajt nyomba ragad a lb.
Sohase lttam ilyen idt,
farkasok jrnak az ajt eltt.
Ornk mindig megll,
vagy mint a bolond, rohanva jr.
Sohase lttam ilyen idt,
esik az es - szraz a fld.
Csak az es, csak az es az, ami hull,
mint a bolond, bolond, bolond.
Vz, a vz, a lass, lass vz,
a bolond, a bolond, a bolond.
Sohase lttam ilyen idt,
zld lett a srga, piros a zld,
a sz res edny,
s krbestlsz a peremn.
Sohase lttam ilyen idt,
fzom s gek, mint azeltt,
de rg ms mr a test,
bolondul forog a szemgoly.
Sohase lttam ilyen idt,
esik az es - szraz a fld.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1195" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Nhny lepedt sszektve
leeresztettnk a fldszintre
s egy Ica nev nt gy hztunk fel.
Felhztuk Ict a negyedikre,
n, a Feri meg a Br Imre
a rendszek gy nem lthattk meg.
rvendezett a munksszlls,
megsznt a nk utni rohangls,
vgre szereztnk egy lland nt.
Mundta is neknk Br Imre:
\"Btor n, mert a negyedikre
gyva n nem is merszkedne fel.\"
s igaza volt az Imrnek,
mert egy ht mlva a rendszek,
mikor lebuktunk, megdcsrtk Ict.
\"Az mg csak hagyjn, hogy kibrta,
hogy egy emelet birtokolja,
s az is hagyjn, hogy szekrnyben lt.
Am az mgiscsak meghkkent,
hogy mszhatott fel egy szegny n,
a munksszlls legtetejre!\"
Noht erre aztn mi tnyleg mondtuk nekik, hogy:
\"Nhny lepedt sszektve
leeresztettk a fldszintre
s szegny Ict mi gy hztuk fel. Huh!
Felhztuk Ict a negyedikre,
n, a Feri meg a Br Imre
s egy szekrnyben rejtegettk t.\"
Elvittk Ict a rendszek,
kit az emelet gy beczett:
\"Te vagy az els lland n itt.\"
Szomorkodott a munksszlls,
jhet a nk utni rohangls,
elment az egyetlen n, ki lland.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1196" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Egyszer falun
biciklipedlt tapostam n,
s a vzon
egy kiteleptett lny lt.
Lejtn lefel,
a lny neve Annamari,
vidm volt,
br sokat szenvedtek.
n meg fi,
afle klottgatys fi,
a hsgben
nyomtam a pedlt s
egymsba folytak a fk,
mi kln volt, mind sszement,
az osztlyharc
egy biciklin
megsznt s n
vzon
egy grflnnyal
azonnali
hatllyal
bkt
ktttem egy
sszefolyt
vilggal.
Fegyversznet.
Mi kln volt, mind sszefolyt.
Osztlyklnbsgek
tszli fkknt.
Tapostam a pedlt,
szememben ugrlt a vidk,
egy kiteleptett
grflnnyal, neve: Annamari.
Egymsba folyt,
egy szgulds sszehozta mind,
mi kln volt,
s az ember nem hitte el,
hogy Annamari,
a napozs Annamari
veszlyt hoz,
mitl gy
vott
csaldom,
hogy csak titkon
volt szabad
t ltnom,
s az cska kerkpron,
vele
elszllnom,
elszllnom,
elszllnom,
elszllnom.
Minden fltt,
egy vilg fltt gy szlltunk el
Annamarival
hrom percig,
elfelejtettk, hogy ,
azt, hogy melyik,
s azt, hogy melyik,
s azt, hogy melyik vagyok n,
ahogy a fk is
mind sszefolytak.
Azta is
szememben sszefolyik
mi kln van...
Transcribed by IITI"
"1197" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Aki eltt a kaput becsukjk
z azt kiltjk: rosszkor szlettl,
megll a csndben s arra vr mg,
hogy taln kiszlnak, taln csak jtk.
Ott lldogl mg, amg az este,
az estje leszll a fldre.
Kistl csendben, ketts fasorban,
vgn kilp az res vilgba.
Fejbe hzva kerek, kk sapka,
simra hzva, krbe leszegve.
Az ton nem szed mell virgot,
holtig hordja gbolt sapkjt.
Tndr szemekkel res mezkre,
hatr hatrt ahol elveszti.
Mindig van onnan tovbb hova menni,
ottan tbb mr nem ismeri senki.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1198" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Arthur, Arthur, a vonat, nzd bent ll,
ez a vonat visz egyenest Belgiumba!
Arthur, Arthur, trd fel a gallrt,
mondd csak, hogy zlett ez az vad a pokolban?
Arthur, Arthur, a kt kld a zsebben,
a kt kl a zsebben mr ronggy rohadt.
Arthur, Arthur, a kpeny a vllon,
a kpeny a vllon rg eszmv szakadt.
Utazol Arthur, letelt az vad...
Bent ll a haj, a haj a kiktben,
gy ring, mint Eurpa, az alv a vlgyben,
Arthur, az vad, az vad elmenben,
Arthur, lesz aranyad bven,
na Arthur, lesz aranyad bven!
Arthur, az kl, abszint a pohrban,
nvnyek, kpeny, pipa s kalap,
Arthur, egy dhdt angyal az gbl,
a fldrl a tengerbe szaladt,
Arthur, szortsd trdedhez a melled,
s pengesd, mint hrt, a cipzsinrt,
Arthur, csak azt ne, az vad a pokolban,
ilyen, ilyen, ilyen, ilyen sohase volt!
Utazol, Arthur, letelt az vad...
Arthur, a haj, a haj Afrikba,
trd fel a gallrt,
ott arany van, tele a bnya,
Arthur, az vad, hagyd csak, a tenger hadd doblja,
Arthur, a vonat nzd bent ll,
Utazol, utazol Arthur.
Arthur, szortsd trdedhez a melled,
s pengesd, mint hrt, a cipzsinrt,
Arthur, csak azt ne, az vad a pokolban,
ilyen, ilyen, ilyen, ilyen sohase volt!
Utazol, Arthur, letelt az vad...
Transcribed by IITI"
"1199" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
F a szl s a fagy kgyja sziszeg,
hban feksznk s nem tudom, hogy mi van teveled.
Jgcsapok kzt ltom gni szd,
g a h, gy fekszem r, mint rd.
Mikor tallkozunk?
Posta nincs, se csillag a vllapon,
n fekszem itt s megy a sz0zdom,
Msodik Magyar Hadseregem,
mi a nevem s a fegyvernemem?
Mi a fegyvernemem?
Mi a fegyvernemem?
F a szl a vlgyn, rteken,
n fekszem itt s szzadom megyen,
posta nincs s n azt krdezem;
mi a nevem s a fegyvernemem?
Mi a nevem s a fegyvernemem?
Mi a nevem s a fegyvernemem?
F a szl s a fagy kgyja sziszeg,
a posta nem hoz tled tbb mr levelet,
ll a trn s a vllapon jgvirg,
g a h, gy fekszem r, mint rd.
Mi a fegyvernemem?
Mi a fegyvernemem?
Transcribed by IITI"
"1200" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Lgy ma gyerek, s jtssz megint velem,
emlkezz, ahogy n emlkezem,
jtsszuk azt, hogy flnk megint,
jtsszuk azt, hogy jtszunk megint,
hogy az id nincs hlyog alatt,
hogy a tang divat.
Lgy ma gyerek s bjj fggny mgtt,
lessk meg azt, hogy dszbe ltztt
anynk Tth rral diskurl,
s apnk a jvnkrl politizl,
s minden kz pohrra tapad,
hisz a tang divat.
Jtsszuk jra el, hogy semmirl sem tudunk,
tegynk jra gy, hogy semmirl sem tudunk,
msok jtszanak, s mi lessk fggny mgl,
s a rgi-rgi tang hegedl.
Tegynk most jra gy, hogy mindenki msrl beszl,
egynhny hrfoszlnyt hoz flnkbe a szl,
jtsszuk azt, hogy flnk megint,
jtsszuk azt, hogy jtszunk megint,
hogy az idre hlyog tapadt,
hogy a tang mg most is divat.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1201" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Ngy napja mr, hogy nem ettnk s
Lee van Cleef csak ennyit szlt: \"Hej!\"
Lee ilyen fi.
Hogy tmentnk a vroson s lttek rnk,
csak ennyit szlt: \"Hej!\"
Lee ilyen fi.
Oregonban, hol vllon lttk - br ltszott rajta, hogy fl nagyon -
csak ennyit szlt: \"Hej!\"
Lee ilyen fi.
Egy utcasarkon megdgleni, hogy
elrekldesz ngy msikat, hej,
ilyet, ilyet csak Lee tudott.
Messzirl tudtuk, hogy rkezik,
gy csak Lee van Cleef lova lp.
Barleycorn, Charley, Hombre s Dick
s a tbbi is mind sszenz:
\"Igen, Lee van Cleef, rkezik.
Igy csak Lee van Cleef lova lp.
Hej, hej, hej, csak Lee lehet,
hej, hej, hej, csak Lee lehet.\"
s Fort Phil Carneybe egy szp napon
sszektzve rkeztnk, hej,
Leet vittk ell.
Tenyerk lvel tttk torkt s
pofnkba ordtott mindegyik:
\"H, nzd! Nzd, nzd, Lee hagyja magt!\"
Elvettk rg a pisztolyt s
ktllel hztk egy l mgtt, hej.
Lee hagyta magt.
Phil Carney legyen tkozott,
hol az g, perzsel napon, hej,
Lee a fldre kerlt.
Ha Carneybl jssz, ne kerlj elm,
hol Lee van Cleef a perzsel napon llt,
Barleycorn, Charley, Hombre s Dick,
ha Carneybl jnnl, vadsznak terd.
Mert Carney az, hol eltnt Lee van Cleef.
\"Hej, hej, hej, mondd, Lee hol lehet?
Hej, hej, hej, mondd, Lee hol lehet?\"
jszaka iszkoltunk, mint a beteg kutyk,
egy lucskos telet csak tvacogni, hej,
ngy beteg, ngy beteg kutya.
Egy utcasarkon csorogtunk, mikor
karomba markolt s gy szlt Dick: \"Hej, nzd, ugye,
ugye Lee az ott, he?!\"
Fnykpsz lett, ez jrta rla,
nevettnk, ha ez szba jtt, \"Hej, ez nem,
ez nem lehet Lee.\"
Utnaszltunk, de elsietett.
Sose felejtem azt a csinos zakt, hej.
Ennek vge van.
Htat a falnak s megdgleni,
Lee van Cleef tudta ezt remekl.
Barleycorn, Charley, Hombre s Dick,
nzd, ahogy a sarkon ll egyedl.
Vrjk, hogy Lee mikor rkezik.
\"Hallod-e Dick, ugye Lee lova dobog?!\"
Hej, hej, hej, csak Lee lehet,
hej, hej, hej, csak Lee lehet.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1202" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Csavargk voltunk egykoron,
kerestnk szllst Sifokon,
s mert van szlls, hogyha az ember keresi,
megtudtuk, Jutknak nincsenek pp ott a szlei.
Megszlltuk hzt, egy tucat,
s ha tizenkt fi jl mulat,
ht sszetr btort, poharat s ablakot,
s mindent kidobl, mg csak Jutka marad vgl ott.
S mert Jutka maradt vgl ott,
Tizenkt fi sorsot hzott,
hogy ki lgyen els s ki lgyen utols,
ki lgyen els, ki lgyen utols.
Tucatbl voltam nyolcadik,
s aki mr tucatkodik,
brmit is csinlnak, ott van a tbbi kzt,
brhogyan fl is, ott van a tbbi kzt.
Csak egyet nem rtek azta se,
csak egyet nem rtek azta se,
lttam az arct, nem srt s nem nevetett,
lttam azta azt az arcot eleget.
Azta lett egy Moszkvicsom,
j kocsi, nincs vele sok bajom,
mlt hten munkba menet a piros lmpnl,
igen, mlt hten munkba menet a piros lmpnl
kinzek jobbra, egy busz megll,
mellette , nyakn valami sl,
hogy ismert volna fel egyet a tizenkett kzl,
ppen a nyolcadikat a tizenkett kzl.
Este felesgem krdezett,
bolond vagy, mirt bntod a gyereket,
erre valamit mondtam, hogy ebben a laksban mr nem lehet lni sem,
hogy ebben a laksban mr nem lehet lni sem.
Tucatbl vagyok nyolcadik,
s aki mr tucatkodik,
brmit is csinlnak, ott van a tbbi kzt,
brhogyan fl is, ott van a tbbi kzt.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1203" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Acs Mari szke volt,
ruhja barna volt,
azt mondjk bolond maradt,
hogy nla sokkal jobban csinlom n,
s azt is, hogy kr, hogy bennemaradt.
Acs Mari bennemaradt,
bolond lett kt v alatt,
lttam egy villamoson,
mit mondjak, megijedtem, hogy milyen,
j, hogy mr nem kzjk tartozom.
Mondjk, hogy okos vagyok,
nzzem, hogy hova jutott,
nzzem, hogy hova jutott,
mind, aki bennemaradt a rgiben,
akik meg nem bocstanak.
Kik semmit sem felednek,
s nem bocstanak meg,
vgl egy villamoson
rmijesztenek s n elfordulok:
bennemaradtak a rgiben.
n tudom, hogy felejteni kell
a rgi iskolkat,
a tanri tbolydkat,
az sszes tvhitet,
mit belnkverni mert
szzezer vn bolond,
kit tnkretett a gond,
kiknek most megbocstani kell,
rteni apnk-anynkat,
jl bezrt tbolydkat,
amikre rmegy az,
ki szerint csak panasz,
egyetlenegy panasz,
egy vgs bolond grimasz,
vgs vigyor vagyunk, mi ms!
Acs Mari hitte velem,
hogy neknk nincs msmilyen,
hogy neknk nincs csak ilyen,
csak ilyen pldasrtett letnk,
s bennemaradt.
Vltott szn idben,
hasadt szilnktkrben,
ltom, mi velnk trtnt,
csak meg ne srtdjek, mint Acs Mari,
flek, hogy bennemaradok.
Acs Mari bolond, halott,
legvgs villamosok
sztviszik, rlt, menjen,
nincs mirt szgyenkeznem,
de mgis el szeretnm,
de mgis el szeretnm,
most mgis el szeretnm,
mieltt mg elmenne,
a helyettem rletbe,
abba a krlelhetetlenbe,
utoljra el szeretnm
bcsztatni t,
n, az okos.
Transcripted by IITI"
"1204" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Lgy ma gyerek, s jtssz megint velem,
emlkezz, ahogy n emlkezem,
jtsszuk azt, hogy flnk megint,
jtsszuk azt, hogy jtszunk megint,
hogy az id nincs hlyog alatt,
hogy a tang divat.
Lgy ma gyerek s bjj fggny mgtt,
lessk meg azt, hogy dszbe ltztt
anynk Tth rral diskurl,
s apnk a jvnkrl politizl,
s minden kz pohrra tapad,
hisz a tang divat.
Jtsszuk jra el, hogy semmirl sem tudunk,
tegynk jra gy, hogy semmirl sem tudunk,
msok jtszanak, s mi lessk fggny mgl,
s a rgi-rgi tang hegedl.
Tegynk most jra gy, hogy mindenki msrl beszl,
egynhny hrfoszlnyt hoz flnkbe a szl,
jtsszuk azt, hogy flnk megint,
jtsszuk azt, hogy jtszunk megint,
hogy az idre hlyog tapadt,
hogy a tang mg most is divat.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1205" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Sej, az Aranyhd vendglnek ajtaja kitrva,
sej, de ott mulat Antoine, szegny, iszik egymagba.
Flbe egy nta, flbe egy nta,
flbe egy nta, flbe egy nta,
az a rgi nta...
Sej, az Aranyhd vendglnek ajtaja kitrva,
h'de bestl azon Desir, magba.
Flbe egy nta, flbe egy nta,
flbe egy nta, flbe egy nta,
szintn rgi nta.
Az a nta szl egy j lakteleprl,
h'de abba' is a sok-sok szomor emberrl.
Az oktatsi reform szksgessgrl...
Politikus nta, politikus nta,
aktulis tma.
Sej, az Aranyhd vendglnek ajtaja kitrva,
sej, de politikus nta szl ki, szl ki az utcra.
J ebdhez szl az, az a rgi nta,
Hromnegyed egy van, hromnegyed egy van,
hromnegyed egy van.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1206" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Aki eltt a kaput becsukjk
z azt kiltjk: rosszkor szlettl,
megll a csndben s arra vr mg,
hogy taln kiszlnak, taln csak jtk.
Ott lldogl mg, amg az este,
az estje leszll a fldre.
Kistl csendben, ketts fasorban,
vgn kilp az res vilgba.
Fejbe hzva kerek, kk sapka,
simra hzva, krbe leszegve.
Az ton nem szed mell virgot,
holtig hordja gbolt sapkjt.
Tndr szemekkel res mezkre,
hatr hatrt ahol elveszti.
Mindig van onnan tovbb hova menni,
ottan tbb mr nem ismeri senki.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1207" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Sohase lttam ilyen idt,
esik az es - szraz a fld,
a kz mindent kiejt,
sajt nyomba ragad a lb.
Sohase lttam ilyen idt,
farkasok jrnak az ajt eltt.
Ornk mindig megll,
vagy mint a bolond, rohanva jr.
Sohase lttam ilyen idt,
esik az es - szraz a fld.
Csak az es, csak az es az, ami hull,
mint a bolond, bolond, bolond.
Vz, a vz, a lass, lass vz,
a bolond, a bolond, a bolond.
Sohase lttam ilyen idt,
zld lett a srga, piros a zld,
a sz res edny,
s krbestlsz a peremn.
Sohase lttam ilyen idt,
fzom s gek, mint azeltt,
de rg ms mr a test,
bolondul forog a szemgoly.
Sohase lttam ilyen idt,
esik az es - szraz a fld.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1208" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
70 vagy 60, most 76 van.
Arctalan v ez, mondd meg Irnnek.
Mondd meg Irnnek: a nyolcvanas vek
sapkt viselnek. Ird meg Irnnek.
Tz van bellk, lass a lptk.
Sapkt viselnek, rnykban jnnek.
Jl le van hzva mind a tz sapka.
Homlok takarva, tz orr takarva.
Tz szj takarva, tz ll takarva.
Szem eltakarva, tz darab sapka.
Tz fehr bottal, t tgetve.
Nem sebbel-lobbal. Krbekerengve.
Meg-megbotolva. Bottal kopogva.
Ird meg Irnnek: a nyolcvanas vek.
Mondd meg Irnnek. Ird meg Irnnek.
A nyolcvanas vek, mondd meg Irnnek,
a semmibe nznek. Semmit se krnek.
Semmit se flnek. Bjj ide krlek.
Tz fehr bot van bent a szememben.
Ut tgetve. Nzd, miv lettem.
Ut tgetve. Tz fehr bottal.
Itt van az j zaj. Itt van az j zaj.
Tz fehr bot jn tra zuhogva.
Mondd meg Irnnek: tz fs a banda.
Mondd meg Irnnek: semmit se flek.
Mondd meg Irnnek: mr semmit se flek.
Mondd meg Irnnek: n mr semmit se flek,
semmit se flek, semmit se flek...
Mondd meg Irnnek, hogy vrom ket.
Mondd meg Irnnek, n itt vrom ket.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1209" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Szke bartnm,
a pitypangot leszedtem,
pomps mozdulat,
mr illant a dlutn,
szp szke kert alatt,
szp szke dlutn.
Bartnm,
nem is tudom,
hogy mit is
rhatnk,
e levlbe
most neked,
folytatom.
Kedves bartnm,
tegnap lgy volt a levesben,
aztn meggybeftt,
vgl torta volt vacsornk,
bbjos pillanat,
virradat, virradat.
Lernm
pr gondolatom
e levlbe,
ha nem flnk,
hogy kinevet,
bartnm,
folyatatom.
Most jut eszembe:
ahogy megllt s nevetett,
pomps mozdulat,
gy rzem tbbet r,
tbbet r mindennl,
mindennl, mindennl.
A bartsg,
kedveseim,
visszafolytott
srs,
s ezzel
zrom is
soraim.
Vgl annyit mg:
a pitypangra rfjtam,
annyit mondhatok,
gy mlik az letnk,
egy rohadt kert alatt,
szp szke letnk.
Vgl egy
utirat:
a bartsg,
a szeretet,
a pihens
fontosabb
mindennl.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1210" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
J reggelt Balog Adam, brsony sveges!
J reggelt h Borbla, tncban az gyes!
Srga karmazsin,
dszes baldachin,
gyngys kalris,
galambom fisklis,
brsony tafota,
tedd ide-oda!
Ez m legny!
Te vagy a vitz legny, pajts, Tyukodi!
Bercsnyi, Bezerdi, Bottyn, Thkly!
Ulszl, Hunyadi,
galambom Apafi,
Bem Jzsef, Damjanich,
Koppny s Dugonics,
brsony tafota,
tedd ide-oda!
Ez m legny!
Igy tedd r, gy tedd r, mindg csak tedd r!
Szl a csimpolya is, duda-duda-dinom-dnom.
Igy tedd r, gy tedd r, mindg csak tedd r!
Szl a csimpolya is, duda-duda-dinom-dnom. Haj!
Keszke-keszken, pomps az id!
Elloptk a lovam, megverem a csizmm szrt!
Keszke-keszken, pomps az id!
Elloptk a lovam, megverem a csizmm szrt! Haj!
J reggelt Corvin Mtys, szava hihet!
J reggelt szp Zsuzsanna, pomps az id!
Vacsista-yatapi!
Pezsuta-vicsasta!
Hu mayukan epe sni!
Mazakan, mazakan!
Sungma-kicsima!
In-ka-sa-ba-pe-sa-wa!
Heyoka Hi!
J estt Rzsa Sndor, itt az alkalom!
Zld Marci, Patk Bandi, vltott lovakon!
Pkozd s Sukor, cifra mogyor,
szz aranycsik, taralla-lala-lam,
Tralla-lalalam, tralla-lalalam, haj!
Transcribed by IITI"
"1211" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
A snen egy vonat jn,
n llok ablakaiban,
s n fekszem az tjba,
egy ember, ki tbbfele van,
ki mindenhol tanthat mr
vodtl egyetemig.
Megleltem me hazmat
s nevemet hibtlanul.
Hogy hny ht is a vilg,
a j pap holtig tanul,
s mindenhol tanthat mr
vodtl egyetemig.
Ahhoz elg sokat prbltam,
hogy szakaszolhat legyek,
rsztvettem mozgalomban,
kivltam, elvegyltem s egyebek.
Egy mindenhol tanthatnak
kiosztva most mr mindene,
s nem tudja megkrdezni,
hogy nnnmaga lehet-e.
Mert minden vonatnak mindegyik,
mindegyik ablakban ,
csak ll, s hogy mindennek httal,
azt nem tudja a tantott integet.
Kvlrl...
Kvlrl tudjk mr,
kvlrl tudjk mr,
kvlrl tudjk mr,
kvlrl tudjk mr,
az sszes versem...
A snen egy vonat jn,
n llok ablakaiban,
s n fekszem az tjba,
egy ember, ki tbbfele van,
ki mindenhol tanthat mr
vodtl egyetemig.
Megleltem me hazmat
s nevemet hibtlanul.
Hogy hny ht is a vilg,
a j pap holtig tanul,
s mindenhol tanthat mr
vodtl egyetemig.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1212" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Nhny lepedt sszektve
leeresztettnk a fldszintre
s egy Ica nev nt gy hztunk fel.
Felhztuk Ict a negyedikre,
n, a Feri meg a Br Imre
a rendszek gy nem lthattk meg.
rvendezett a munksszlls,
megsznt a nk utni rohangls,
vgre szereztnk egy lland nt.
Mundta is neknk Br Imre:
\"Btor n, mert a negyedikre
gyva n nem is merszkedne fel.\"
s igaza volt az Imrnek,
mert egy ht mlva a rendszek,
mikor lebuktunk, megdcsrtk Ict.
\"Az mg csak hagyjn, hogy kibrta,
hogy egy emelet birtokolja,
s az is hagyjn, hogy szekrnyben lt.
Am az mgiscsak meghkkent,
hogy mszhatott fel egy szegny n,
a munksszlls legtetejre!\"
Noht erre aztn mi tnyleg mondtuk nekik, hogy:
\"Nhny lepedt sszektve
leeresztettk a fldszintre
s szegny Ict mi gy hztuk fel. Huh!
Felhztuk Ict a negyedikre,
n, a Feri meg a Br Imre
s egy szekrnyben rejtegettk t.\"
Elvittk Ict a rendszek,
kit az emelet gy beczett:
\"Te vagy az els lland n itt.\"
Szomorkodott a munksszlls,
jhet a nk utni rohangls,
elment az egyetlen n, ki lland.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1213" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Sorok fehr papron,
egyms al rom,
rgi betvet,
eddig zenget.
Utols kziratknt
rdbzom, hogy mi trtnt,
mg egy utirat,
a pontossg miatt.
Csak mg egy utirat,
a pontossg miatt,
s mr zrom n
az sszes levelem, Irn.
Csak mg egy utirat,
amiben kzlm, hogy mindenki sztszaladt,
hogy prbljunk most szerteszt,
ki-ki magnak szerencst.
Micsoda egy utirat,
amiben mindenki sztszalad,
tintnk egyre fogy, betink dlnglnek, Irn.
De a pontossg miatt
kzlm, hogy sztszakad
az egynek tnt egsz, s most minden
rsznek htraarc.
Itthagyjuk egymst Irn,
mitlnk bcszom n,
ha voltunk egytt valaha,
akkor ez az egytt utirata.
s ha mr ez utirat,
ht legynk csak pontosak:
egymsnak htraarc kvetkezik,
valami pontos terv szerint.
Ht ez volt az utirat,
pusztn a pontossg miatt,
tintm fogyasztom n Irn,
mitlnk bcszom n.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1214" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Kk zakmnak hajtkjt,
gallrjra hullt korpjt,
zsros kamaszhajamnak sszes drtszlt
Poremba va simtotta le.
Kk nadrgomnak fehr foltjt,
nadrgomnak gyrtt hajtkjt,
lbam kz gyrt jjel minden prnjt
Poremba va simtotta le.
Kk zakmban hordom azta is,
hajtkm alatt van azta is,
brm al jl bebjt Poremba va, szegny,
gy, ahogy n r annak idejn.
Vge gy lett, ahogyan lehetett,
frje eltt szgyenkezhetett,
tn arra vrt, hogy majd valahova elviszem n,
j, de hova, krdeztem n,
innen hova, krdeztem n.
szgyellt s szgyelltem n,
tlkoros s kortalan n,
gy kszntem vgl is: \"kezt cskolom\" - n
ha frjvel jtt annak idejn.
Taln arra vrt, hogy n elviszem,
gy nem vitte el vgl senkisem,
minden fehr foltomat trlte le,
az lbam kz gyrt ideje.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1215" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Az els fnykp, ltod, n vagyok,
s az asztalon borospohr,
a msodik kp, nzd csak, az apm,
csillog a pohr, mit szjhoz emel.
A harmadik kp vletlen lehet;
ppen az anym pohrba tlt,
ez pedig mez, pp vihar utn.
Vg kirnduls, ngy ve lehetett.
Fehr pihetollbl egy pall vezet
a homlokcsonttl a tarkig,
emberek jrnak vgig a palln,
odbb egy mez, ppen vihar utn.
Fehr pihetollbl val hd reszket,
ott vonul rajta apm, anym,
ott megy nagyapm, mgtte fiam,
csillog a pohr, szjukhoz emelik.
A mutatujj krmben lakik
a ddnagyapm s kapm,
az asszonyoknak gerincem jutott,
ott futnak vgig dd s az kanym.
Van mg egy kis hely, ahol a bokm,
ahol a bokm lbszrba fut,
itt vetnek gncsot, itt lnek lesben
ht regasszony, hetvenht unokm.
Az els fnykp, ltod, n vagyok,
s az asztalon borospohr,
a msodik kp, nzd csak, n vagyok,
csillog a pohr, a szmhoz emelem.
A harmadik kp vletlen lehet;
pohrba tltk, megintcsak n,
ez pedig mez, pp vihar utn.
Vg kirnduls, ngy ve lehetett.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1216" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Hol volt s hol nem volt Dniban,
egy kirlyfi, aki egy szp napon,
hogy leplezze titkt, mely rosszra vinn,
bolondot mmelt, borzalom!
Bolondok kztt gy lvn jzan,
mrgezett kardba tkztt,
s trnjba nyugodt urak beltek,
szkelvn bke s harc kztt.
Am e kirlyfi gy hala meg,
hogy adnak nki dszsrhelyet,
s eme srt, borzalom,
lthatni ma is a sznpadon.
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William,
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William.
Egy stt jjel neje nyaknak
helyezte kezt egy mr vezr,
s belle vgn a szuszt kinyomta,
a ltvnyt gy nem zavarta vr.
Ltjtok micsoda kacskaringk
jellemzik szvnk tjait?
Vacogva sandtunk tkreinkbe,
hol a kulcs, mely minden zrt kinyit?
Itt llunk gy, mint a mr vezr,
magunk kifosztva msokrt,
itt llunk s a sznk nyitva van,
hogy ez aztn tud, ez a Shakespeare Viliam!
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William,
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William.
Valszertlen ppot a hton
valszerv tenni kell,
mghozz gy, hogy vilgnak htt
hajltni kell egy ppig el.
s ha e gigszi gerinc is hajlik,
Richrdnak ppja nagy mintt kvet,
meggrbedt idben meggrbedt frfi
legels divat m gy lehet.
Viszket httal bmuljuk t,
idk hajlst felismert,
mert Richard kirly a nagy vg eltt
ngy felvonsra divatba jtt.
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William,
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William.
s tkrnk sztszrt szilnkjait
Shakespeare r ragasztja, foltozza itt.
Mi llunk s a sznk nyitva van,
hogy miket tud ez a Shakespeare Viliam...
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William,
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William.
William!
Transcribed by IITI"
"1217" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Egyszer falun
biciklipedlt tapostam n,
s a vzon
egy kiteleptett lny lt.
Lejtn lefel,
a lny neve Annamari,
vidm volt,
br sokat szenvedtek.
n meg fi,
afle klottgatys fi,
a hsgben
nyomtam a pedlt s
egymsba folytak a fk,
mi kln volt, mind sszement,
az osztlyharc
egy biciklin
megsznt s n
vzon
egy grflnnyal
azonnali
hatllyal
bkt
ktttem egy
sszefolyt
vilggal.
Fegyversznet.
Mi kln volt, mind sszefolyt.
Osztlyklnbsgek
tszli fkknt.
Tapostam a pedlt,
szememben ugrlt a vidk,
egy kiteleptett
grflnnyal, neve: Annamari.
Egymsba folyt,
egy szgulds sszehozta mind,
mi kln volt,
s az ember nem hitte el,
hogy Annamari,
a napozs Annamari
veszlyt hoz,
mitl gy
vott
csaldom,
hogy csak titkon
volt szabad
t ltnom,
s az cska kerkpron,
vele
elszllnom,
elszllnom,
elszllnom,
elszllnom.
Minden fltt,
egy vilg fltt gy szlltunk el
Annamarival
hrom percig,
elfelejtettk, hogy ,
azt, hogy melyik,
s azt, hogy melyik,
s azt, hogy melyik vagyok n,
ahogy a fk is
mind sszefolytak.
Azta is
szememben sszefolyik
mi kln van...
Transcribed by IITI"
"1218" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Felsorolhatnm az sszes abortuszt,
jl tudjuk azt, hogy mellettem miken ment t,
na j, nem volt knny nekem, sem neki,
van-e ki e nevet nem ismeri?
Anna, Anna, Anna, nanna-nanna,
Anna, Anna, Anna, nanna-nanna,
nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
s mgegyszer nanna-nanna-nanna.
Lemegy gyufrt, azt mondta nekem,
tudtam, gyis hiba krlelem,
mert magval vitte kk tlevelt,
benne fnykpt s a nevt:
Horvth Anna, Anna, Horvth Anna,
Nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
fal fel fordultam gyorsan, nanna-nanna,
mit is mondhattam volna nanna-nanna.
Nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
Nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
Nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
Ht menj csak le gyufrt Anna, Horvth Anna.
Volt egyszer rg egy trsaskirnduls,
Prizs s London s Amszterdam krutazs,
eszembe se volt a London trkp fltt,
hogy lmomban ide mg egy prszor visszajvk,
hogy itt van London, s benne lesz Horvth Anna,
nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
hogy pp itt Anna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna.
Most elkpzelhetem, ahogy Londonban alszik,
zld takarban, zldben tettl talpig,
nevethetsz rajtam, ha gy hozza a kedved,
de akkor is furcsa, hogy Anna mgis elment.
Nekem az nem London, hanem mr Horvthorszg,
rtertette rohadt kis zld takarjt,
mit nekem vilghelyzet, fldrajzi helyzet,
akkor is furcsa, hogy Anna mgis elment.
Flsorolhatnm a Fld sszes fvrost,
s Annnak mind a ngy tlem volt abortuszt,
hogy megrtsd, hogy London mirt Horvthorszg nekem,
ht ennyi s nem tbb a vilghelyzetem.
Nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
felosztottuk egyms kzt Anna, Horvth Anna,
nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna...
Transcribed by IITI"
"1219" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Szikrk a szlben.
Szikrk szllnak.
Szikrk a szlben.
Szikrk szllnak.
O, az n papm ft,
, az n papm ft,
sivt a fekete mozdony,
mert az n papm fti.
Kemny a munkja,
kemny a munkja,
ers az n j papm.
O, van nekem fnykp,
kinz tolats kzben,
elre, sohase htra,
bartja llomsfnk.
Van nki takaros hza,
a hznl takaros kert van,
a kertben nylik a zslya,
ott ll a tisztaszobban
a dszegyenruhja,
elre, sohase htra,
de j, hogy nem vagyok rva.
Nem minden vonat jr
szles vgnyon,
el ne feledjtek,
azt, hogy vannak kztnk,
el ne feledjtek,
vannak e vilgon
keskenyvgny vasutasok is.
Szll a 424-es,
mert az n papm fti,
szll a 424-es,
mert az n papm a ft.
Elre, sohase htra,
elre, sohase htra,
elre, sohase htra,
de j, hogy nem vagyok rva...
Transcribed by IITI"
"1220" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Egy hfehr jszakn Fjodor Mihajlovics
Ptervrott megll, mgtte senki sincs
csak egyvalaki,
s mert sejti hogy ki,
htra se nzve szl Fjodor Mihajlovics:
\"Szlj, rdg, mi dolgod velem? Rviden szt kerts!
Aztn iszkiri!
Nem llhatlak ki!\"
\"Mg ifj r n, Fjodor Mihajlovics,
- szlt egy hang a ht mgl - jvje drga kincs,
s a cr ellen itt
sszeeskszik...\"
\"Vszes e trsasg, amelynek tagja lett,
Prizst kpzel ide Ptervr helyett,
mind csupa gg,
sszeeskvk.\"
\"De mr holnap reggelen lncban lesz, bizony,
s lakni fogja majd, megjsolhatom,
nyolc ven t
Szibrit!\"
\"Hoh - nevet fl erre fel Fjodor Mihajlovics -
rnak a tapasztalat, a szenveds drga kincs!
Lssuk teht
Szibrit!\"
\"Mg ifj r n - szl az rdg ott -
jobb ht, ha folytatom mg a jslatot,
mert lesz egy fanyar,
fura kanyar...\"
\"Mert j, mondjuk szenved ott, Fjodor Mihajlovics,
s midn visszatr, sok akadlya nincs,
a nagy knyveket
rhatja meg. Amde most figyeljen, Btyuska!\"
\"Mert e nagy mvekben kromolja majd
rgenvolt trsait, kikkel most sszetart,
s a cr ellen itt
sszeeskszik.\"
\"s Prizs fert lesz az j eszmivel,
a 'mirt' helyett csak a 'hogyan'-t keresi majd, mivel
rdekesek
az emberek.\"
\"Igy jut el az emberhez az intzmny helyett
- szlt a hang s nevetett, ott a ht megett -
Hihihihi,
Dosztojevszkij!\"
Igy maradt vgl ott Fjodor Mihajlovics,
rzva zg fejt, egy gondolata sincs,
hogy itt mi lesz, ki rti ezt?
Hogy itt mi lesz, ki rti ezt?
Gondolat helyett
gondolatmenet.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1221" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
A snen egy vonat jn,
n llok ablakaiban,
s n fekszem az tjba,
egy ember, ki tbbfele van,
ki mindenhol tanthat mr
vodtl egyetemig.
Megleltem me hazmat
s nevemet hibtlanul.
Hogy hny ht is a vilg,
a j pap holtig tanul,
s mindenhol tanthat mr
vodtl egyetemig.
Ahhoz elg sokat prbltam,
hogy szakaszolhat legyek,
rsztvettem mozgalomban,
kivltam, elvegyltem s egyebek.
Egy mindenhol tanthatnak
kiosztva most mr mindene,
s nem tudja megkrdezni,
hogy nnnmaga lehet-e.
Mert minden vonatnak mindegyik,
mindegyik ablakban ,
csak ll, s hogy mindennek httal,
azt nem tudja a tantott integet.
Kvlrl...
Kvlrl tudjk mr,
kvlrl tudjk mr,
kvlrl tudjk mr,
kvlrl tudjk mr,
az sszes versem...
A snen egy vonat jn,
n llok ablakaiban,
s n fekszem az tjba,
egy ember, ki tbbfele van,
ki mindenhol tanthat mr
vodtl egyetemig.
Megleltem me hazmat
s nevemet hibtlanul.
Hogy hny ht is a vilg,
a j pap holtig tanul,
s mindenhol tanthat mr
vodtl egyetemig.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1222" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Robog vonaton, ders vasrnapon
rkeznk ide n, a kabt knnyedn
tvetve karomon, gy mint
mint egy idegen, egy olyan frdhelyen,
ahol mg sohasem, sohasem jrt ilyen
utaz, nagybeteg idegen,
lehzva szememig, kalapom szememig,
fekete kalapom karimja all
betegen bmulna szemem.
Hrsfk alatt, szp hrsfk alatt,
botommal knnyedn lenyakaznk n egy virgot
s azt mondanm: mi ez?
Az es most nekikezd, s n azt krdeznm, hogy mi ez,
hiszen mg sohasem jrtam n egy ilyen
nagy, kihalt frdhelyen,
fk alatt, ennyi hrs alatt...
Lobog gyertykban sz szobk
vrnk, hogy rkezem.
A kszbn llnk s a karomon kabt
ez elhagyott frdhelyen.
Akkor szeretnk megllni ott,
kinek nincs apja, anyja, nincs kze,
egy vendg, ki ltok s tapasztalok,
kinek karima all nz ki szeme.
Akkor szeretnk megllni ott,
kinek kezdete sincs s vgzete sincs,
egy vendg, ki ltok s tapasztalok,
kinek kezdete, vgzete sincs.
Lobog gyertykban sz szobk
vrnk, hogy rkezem.
A kszbn llnk, tl nincsen tovbb,
nincsen tbb vgzetem.
Szememre csszott fekete kalap,
a kszbn tl mr nem magyar vagyok,
se vak gets, se eltvedt lovas,
csak ltok s tapasztalok.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1223" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Az otthonom,
az otthonom, megsgom: egy karcs fszl,
oly szp ltvny
kelvn a nap.
A nap betz,
thatol, zlden ragyog a krpiton,
oly szp ltvny
fszlszobm.
Minden forog,
krbeforog s baktat a maga tjn,
n s apad
a klorofill.
Az otthonom,
az otthonom, mr tudom, egy karcs fszl,
s krbefon
sok ednynyalb.
Fldhz lapt, hajlt a szl,
lek n mr csak magamr'
jaj szobm, otthonom,
otthonom egy fszl,
letemnek egy rtelme: magamaga,
megmaradjak.
Hogy, hogyan nem, egy esetlen, egy esetlen
- hvatlan vendg - feltnt
egy szentjnosbogr.
Nem mozdul el, lecvekelt, ajtmban ll,
hvatlan vendg,
fnye betz jfl utn.
Fnye betz,
zlden ragyog, zlden ragyog, furcsa brk
mozgoldnak
a krpiton.
Nem kell a nap,
nem kell a nap, jfl utn lmpafnynl
forr s buzog
a klorofill.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1224" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Szikrk a szlben.
Szikrk szllnak.
Szikrk a szlben.
Szikrk szllnak.
O, az n papm ft,
, az n papm ft,
sivt a fekete mozdony,
mert az n papm fti.
Kemny a munkja,
kemny a munkja,
ers az n j papm.
O, van nekem fnykp,
kinz tolats kzben,
elre, sohase htra,
bartja llomsfnk.
Van nki takaros hza,
a hznl takaros kert van,
a kertben nylik a zslya,
ott ll a tisztaszobban
a dszegyenruhja,
elre, sohase htra,
de j, hogy nem vagyok rva.
Nem minden vonat jr
szles vgnyon,
el ne feledjtek,
azt, hogy vannak kztnk,
el ne feledjtek,
vannak e vilgon
keskenyvgny vasutasok is.
Szll a 424-es,
mert az n papm fti,
szll a 424-es,
mert az n papm a ft.
Elre, sohase htra,
elre, sohase htra,
elre, sohase htra,
de j, hogy nem vagyok rva...
Transcribed by IITI"
"1225" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Az cska cipt egy este mr
olyan vastagon lepte a sr,
hogy vgl megllt,
csak bmult Desir.
Desir gy suttogott:
\"Istenem, istenem!
Micsoda vidk!
micsoda egy cska vidk!
A cipm milyen cska mr.\"
pp egy kocsma eltt
gondolt arra Desir,
mit is mondott Antoine.
Tn egy ve lehetett.
\"Ne bmulj bambn, ha esik
az es, az es.\"
Jl van - gondolta Desir -
tovbbmegyek.
Istenem, istenem,
micsoda vidk,
micsoda egy cska vidk,
nzd a cipm milyen cska mr.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1226" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Felsorolhatnm az sszes abortuszt,
jl tudjuk azt, hogy mellettem miken ment t,
na j, nem volt knny nekem, sem neki,
van-e ki e nevet nem ismeri?
Anna, Anna, Anna, nanna-nanna,
Anna, Anna, Anna, nanna-nanna,
nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
s mgegyszer nanna-nanna-nanna.
Lemegy gyufrt, azt mondta nekem,
tudtam, gyis hiba krlelem,
mert magval vitte kk tlevelt,
benne fnykpt s a nevt:
Horvth Anna, Anna, Horvth Anna,
Nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
fal fel fordultam gyorsan, nanna-nanna,
mit is mondhattam volna nanna-nanna.
Nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
Nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
Nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
Ht menj csak le gyufrt Anna, Horvth Anna.
Volt egyszer rg egy trsaskirnduls,
Prizs s London s Amszterdam krutazs,
eszembe se volt a London trkp fltt,
hogy lmomban ide mg egy prszor visszajvk,
hogy itt van London, s benne lesz Horvth Anna,
nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
hogy pp itt Anna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna.
Most elkpzelhetem, ahogy Londonban alszik,
zld takarban, zldben tettl talpig,
nevethetsz rajtam, ha gy hozza a kedved,
de akkor is furcsa, hogy Anna mgis elment.
Nekem az nem London, hanem mr Horvthorszg,
rtertette rohadt kis zld takarjt,
mit nekem vilghelyzet, fldrajzi helyzet,
akkor is furcsa, hogy Anna mgis elment.
Flsorolhatnm a Fld sszes fvrost,
s Annnak mind a ngy tlem volt abortuszt,
hogy megrtsd, hogy London mirt Horvthorszg nekem,
ht ennyi s nem tbb a vilghelyzetem.
Nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna,
felosztottuk egyms kzt Anna, Horvth Anna,
nanna-nanna-nanna, nanna-nanna...
Transcribed by IITI"
"1227" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
J reggelt Balog Adam, brsony sveges!
J reggelt h Borbla, tncban az gyes!
Srga karmazsin,
dszes baldachin,
gyngys kalris,
galambom fisklis,
brsony tafota,
tedd ide-oda!
Ez m legny!
Te vagy a vitz legny, pajts, Tyukodi!
Bercsnyi, Bezerdi, Bottyn, Thkly!
Ulszl, Hunyadi,
galambom Apafi,
Bem Jzsef, Damjanich,
Koppny s Dugonics,
brsony tafota,
tedd ide-oda!
Ez m legny!
Igy tedd r, gy tedd r, mindg csak tedd r!
Szl a csimpolya is, duda-duda-dinom-dnom.
Igy tedd r, gy tedd r, mindg csak tedd r!
Szl a csimpolya is, duda-duda-dinom-dnom. Haj!
Keszke-keszken, pomps az id!
Elloptk a lovam, megverem a csizmm szrt!
Keszke-keszken, pomps az id!
Elloptk a lovam, megverem a csizmm szrt! Haj!
J reggelt Corvin Mtys, szava hihet!
J reggelt szp Zsuzsanna, pomps az id!
Vacsista-yatapi!
Pezsuta-vicsasta!
Hu mayukan epe sni!
Mazakan, mazakan!
Sungma-kicsima!
In-ka-sa-ba-pe-sa-wa!
Heyoka Hi!
J estt Rzsa Sndor, itt az alkalom!
Zld Marci, Patk Bandi, vltott lovakon!
Pkozd s Sukor, cifra mogyor,
szz aranycsik, taralla-lala-lam,
Tralla-lalalam, tralla-lalalam, haj!
Transcribed by IITI"
"1228" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Desir s az es a cme a dalnak,
amit harminckt ve ddolok.
Kt szereplje van: Desir s az es,
Az es zuhog, s Desir benne ll.
Lemos az es Desirrl mindent,
kalapot, ruht, fzstl cipt.
Egy meztelen test, Desir csak ez.
Ez milyen es? Ez komoly es.
Antoine jn s krdi Desirt:
\"Azt hiszed taln megszabadulsz valamitl?
Kalapod, ruhd, fzstl cipd,
lemllott, na j, s tiszta vagy, na j,
de krdezem n, hangsllyal, Desir:
arcodra szradt szoksaiddal mi lesz?\"
\"Mondd, hogy rted ezt? - krdezi zva Desir -
Tn reg vagyok, szoksaim rabja csak?
Megkrlek Antoine, csak azt ne mondd, hogy
remnytelen itten llnom, itt e komoly esben znom,
de igenis leviszi majd rlam, amit n akarok,
krnyezetem s csaldom, szocilis krlmnyeim,
s vele minden bizalmatlansgom, ttovasgom,
msok mltjt, mit rmraktak,
csak nem gondolod, hogy ez mind majd rajtam marad,
csak nem gondolod...?\"
Antoine csupn annyit mondott: \"De igen.\"
Antoine csupn annyit mondott: \"De igen.\"
Transcribed by IITI"
"1229" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Csak mgegyszer gyere el
a rsbl, hol elbjtl, gyerekkorom,
csak k legyek, csak bogr legyek,
s engedj jra fveiddel jtszanom.
Mg egyszer csak bjj el,
vzben, kvek alatt rejtez, flelmes, lmos korom,
zekben, br alatt rejtez,
kesen bjj el, k alatt rejtzkd.
g por a lbujjak kztt
s fnyes fszlak kzt csillog veg,
iszap, ragacs s gyors vizek
s szgyen s sttsg s szdlet,
mg lehet, ht bjj el,
vzben, kvek alatt rejtez, flelmes, lmos korom,
zekben, br alatt rejtez,
fnyesen bjj el, k alatt rejtzkd gyermekkorom.
Tg gbolt alatt,
rsben kvek alatt fut patak, fut vizek,
mg lehet, ht bjj el, gyermekkorom.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1230" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Egy moskonyhban
jl kitalltam
n azt, hogy mi lesz,
azt, hogy majd mi lesz,
lent prs hztetk,
tz vvel ezeltt.
Egy moskonyhban,
-szksglaksban-
jszaka volt, stt,
utcrl kaptam a fnyt,
de n tisztn lttam ott,
minden megvilgosodott.
Magamat lttam tz v mlva itt,
hallottam ezt, a mostani dal hangjait.
s attl fltem, nehogy majd ez legyen,
csak tz v mlva ne ez a dal legyen.
s attl fltem, nehogy majd gy legyen,
csak tz v mlva ne ez a dal legyen.
Egy moskonyhban,
br kitalltam
n azt, hogy mi lesz,
a jvt krtem n,
s brmit is akar,
ne, ne ez legyen a dal.
Egy moskonyhbl
neki a vilgnak,
mindegy az, hogy mi lesz,
az, hogy majd mi lesz,
csak ne ez a dal legyen
tl, tl az veken.
Magamat lttam tz v mlva itt,
hallottam ezt, a mostani dal hangjait.
s attl fltem, nehogy majd ez legyen,
csak tz v mlva ne ez a dal legyen.
s attl fltem, nehogy majd gy legyen,
csak tz v mlva ne ez a dal legyen.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1231" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Kvnom msnak, hogy felbredjen res szobmban,
keresztben jges bombzza szt azt, amit lttam,
szmban az z, valami z, s nem mlik el,
gyamban fellve levetem a kabtomat.
Egy kisvrosban, ha jl emlkszem, tl elszlltam,
hrman is voltak, ott megfogtak egy konyhban,
szrnyam is volt, ott csapkodott, plafonra vert,
ide is tdtem, oda is tdtem s odalent,
s odalent hrman is hvtak: gyere, ne flj mr,
flrertetted, nem gy gondoltuk, hova is szllnl,
szrnyaimbl hullott a toll, s a kisvroson
csendesen tment egy autval egy rokonom.
Ez az a rokon, akire leginkbb szmtottam,
s volt az, aki otthagyott egymagamban,
kint elzgott egy autban, puha estben,
neki elrulnm, hogy ott a konyhban mitl fltem.
Egy kisvrosban, ha jl emlkszem, tl elszlltam,
hrman is voltak, ott megfogtak egy konyhban,
pihegtem ott, s aki fogott, langyos tenyr,
s hallottam mg, tvol egy aut a sztrdra r.
- Tegyk az gyra, fradtnak ltszik, vigyzz, Laci!
- Nem kell mr mindjrt az gyat vlasztani.
- Aludj mr, mi bajod, jszaka van!
- Miket is kiablsz, miket is, szegny fiam!
- Micsoda rokon, micsoda aut, micsoda t?
- Tudtam, hogy vgl, tudtam, hogy vglis idejut!
- Vigyzz, felugrik, fogd meg szegnyt!
- Mit kvnsz, krsz egy kis, krsz egy kis tojslepnyt?
Akkor ht igyunk, ha mr tl vagyunk az ijedtsgen!
Akarod, hogy megcskoljalak? Annyira fltem!
Ott hagytuk abba... hol is, Laci?
Holnap majd elmegynk jegyeket vltani...
Egy kisvrosban, ha jl emlkszem, tl elszlltam,
hrman is voltak, ott megfogtak egy konyhban,
szrnyaimbl hullott a toll, s a kisvroson,
csendesen thajtott egy autval egy rokonom,
csendesen tment puha estben egy rokonom.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1232" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Este van mr, este van,
minden madr festve van,
mg a fszkk is festett fszek.
Este van mr, este van,
mg az g is festve van,
n magam is festett vagyok, no lm.
n a kprl lenzek,
egy megfestett legnynek
festkszeme min akadhat meg?
Nzek festk szememmel,
s megfestett eszemmel
jl megfestett gondolataim vannak.
Htam mgtt almafk,
n vagyok az ifjsg:
egy tjkpbl hangulatos rsz.
Jl megfestett engemet
mr valaki, s kerteket,
vrosokat pinglt nmgm, no lm.
Tjkpen ki vg vagyok,
des dvzls vagyok,
festett lvn, mit tehetnk mst:
Ht n vagyok a hetvenes
vek ifja, ki nem leszek
gysem ms, csak vg.
Elgedett.
Festett.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1233" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Mert robog a HV
Pomzrl Pestre,
robog a HV
s hozza Bet.
Bizony a Bea,
a Bea bejr,
Pomz-Pest kztt
ingzik teht.
Homlokt rnyomja sokat
az ablak vegre Bea,
b-b-bmul,
hogy fut a tj.
A dal negyedhez elrt,
megismertk Bet,
ismerjk a HV-et s Pomzt,
ht ismertessk, mi bntja Bet,
mi a baja.
Benak baja,
hogy Pomztl Pestig,
Pest s Pomz
kztt csak gy,
egymaga mindig,
sejtelme sincsen,
hogy ltezem,
plusz n se Bet,
a bejr Bet
mg vletlenl
sem ismerem.
Robog a HV.
Felnl vagyunk a dalnak,
tudjuk, hogy Bea nlklem l,
tudjuk, hogy ezrt nem boldog,
teht e dal
ltszlag mg
egyszer dal.
De menjnk csak tovbb,
s nzzk meg Bet,
mint cseppben
a tengernyi tragdit.
Ugyanis Bea
nemcsak engem nem ismer,
hanem mg szmos szemlyt
s szmos egyb,
s szmos egyb,
nagy horderej
sok esemnyt.
Bajban van Bea,
tjkozatlan,
s viszi a HV,
ott l egymaga.
Vge ht gy van a dalnak,
hogy Bea alulinformlt marad,
ingzik ide s oda,
s alulinformlt marad.
Formlt marad.
Bizony Bea,
a Bea bejr,
b-b-bmul,
hogy fut a tj.
S gy vagyok n is,
be-be-bejr,
ki b-b-bmul,
hogy fut a tj.
s gy van mindenki,
be-be-bejr,
b-b-bmulunk,
mirt fut a tj.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1234" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Hol volt s hol nem volt Dniban,
egy kirlyfi, aki egy szp napon,
hogy leplezze titkt, mely rosszra vinn,
bolondot mmelt, borzalom!
Bolondok kztt gy lvn jzan,
mrgezett kardba tkztt,
s trnjba nyugodt urak beltek,
szkelvn bke s harc kztt.
Am e kirlyfi gy hala meg,
hogy adnak nki dszsrhelyet,
s eme srt, borzalom,
lthatni ma is a sznpadon.
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William,
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William.
Egy stt jjel neje nyaknak
helyezte kezt egy mr vezr,
s belle vgn a szuszt kinyomta,
a ltvnyt gy nem zavarta vr.
Ltjtok micsoda kacskaringk
jellemzik szvnk tjait?
Vacogva sandtunk tkreinkbe,
hol a kulcs, mely minden zrt kinyit?
Itt llunk gy, mint a mr vezr,
magunk kifosztva msokrt,
itt llunk s a sznk nyitva van,
hogy ez aztn tud, ez a Shakespeare Viliam!
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William,
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William.
Valszertlen ppot a hton
valszerv tenni kell,
mghozz gy, hogy vilgnak htt
hajltni kell egy ppig el.
s ha e gigszi gerinc is hajlik,
Richrdnak ppja nagy mintt kvet,
meggrbedt idben meggrbedt frfi
legels divat m gy lehet.
Viszket httal bmuljuk t,
idk hajlst felismert,
mert Richard kirly a nagy vg eltt
ngy felvonsra divatba jtt.
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William,
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William.
s tkrnk sztszrt szilnkjait
Shakespeare r ragasztja, foltozza itt.
Mi llunk s a sznk nyitva van,
hogy miket tud ez a Shakespeare Viliam...
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William,
E kies hazban mutass nekem
egy oly nagy ravaszt, mint Shakespeare William.
William!
Transcribed by IITI"
"1235" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Jl figyelj, Desir!
Ltod, most benylok a bels zsebembe,
s tudod-e, mit hztam
most el?
Ltom, hogy nem tudod.
Na j, ht felfjom, mint ltod, itt van
az oldaln egy szelep.
Mit ltsz most, Desir?
Mint ltjuk, ez itt egy arnyos termet,
korban is pp hozznk ill n.
Na, milyen bart vagyok?
Tudd meg, hogy perfektl beszli
az angol, francia s orosz
nyelveket.
Ugy hivjk, hogy Aliz.
s most ezt az Alizt feldobjuk,
elszll s mi vrjuk mg
visszajn.
Ltod mr repl is.
s mi itt kvzunk, dohnyzunk,
mindent megprblunk, hogy
agyonssk majd az idt.
Ltod mr este van.
Nzd csak mr reggel van.
Meg is ebdeltnk.
Meg is regedtnk.
Milyen vnek vagyunk.
Mondj te is valamit.
Uristen, Desir!
Odanzz a tetk felett most felbukkant
Aliz s erre tart.
Uristen, jaj de szp!
Mr meg is rkezett!
Teht a kisrlet sikerlt s gy most
kiderlt: rdemes!
De trjnk magunkhoz.
Mint ltod, a szelep remekl mkdik,
Kihuzom, leereszt, elteszem.
Most minden helyrellt.
Ht akkor szervusz, most elmegyek,
rengeteg dolgom van, Desir.
s nehogy elfelejtsd:
mi ketten bebizonytottuk most itt,
hogy igenis rdemes.
Ht szervusz Desir!
Megyek. H, de reg vagy mr.
n is ilyen volnk? Nem, nem. Na j.
Szervusz Desir. Vigyzz magadra.
Megyek. Hm. Sikerlt, sikerlt,
trallala. Megyek. Desir! Vigyzz
magadra, szervusz...
Transcribed by IITI"
"1236" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Szke bartnm,
a pitypangot leszedtem,
pomps mozdulat,
mr illant a dlutn,
szp szke kert alatt,
szp szke dlutn.
Bartnm,
nem is tudom,
hogy mit is
rhatnk,
e levlbe
most neked,
folytatom.
Kedves bartnm,
tegnap lgy volt a levesben,
aztn meggybeftt,
vgl torta volt vacsornk,
bbjos pillanat,
virradat, virradat.
Lernm
pr gondolatom
e levlbe,
ha nem flnk,
hogy kinevet,
bartnm,
folyatatom.
Most jut eszembe:
ahogy megllt s nevetett,
pomps mozdulat,
gy rzem tbbet r,
tbbet r mindennl,
mindennl, mindennl.
A bartsg,
kedveseim,
visszafolytott
srs,
s ezzel
zrom is
soraim.
Vgl annyit mg:
a pitypangra rfjtam,
annyit mondhatok,
gy mlik az letnk,
egy rohadt kert alatt,
szp szke letnk.
Vgl egy
utirat:
a bartsg,
a szeretet,
a pihens
fontosabb
mindennl.
Transcribed by IITI"
"1237" "(Cseh Tams - Beremnyi Gza)
Taln az elmlt v.
s abbl is az sz.
Az sz, s az szbl egy t.
Egy t, autn, Pcs fel.
Taln. Tn arra az tra mondhat,
hogy igen. Az volt a j.
Tavaly egy rvid utazs.
Autn, le Pcs fel.
Tavaly. Egy rvid utazs.
Taln. Tn arra mondhat,
hogy igen, az volt a j.
Autn, le Pcs fel.
Igen. Taln csak az volt a j.
Igen. Taln csak ennyi az egsz.
Tavaly, egy rvid utazs...
Transcribed by IITI"
"1238" ""
"1239" "All of my life I've heard stories told
Of a treasure more precious than silver and gold
I thought that I'd known love a time or two
'Till I found a heart so loving and true
CHORUS:
I could fall all over and over again
Can you hear my heart saying it too
I could fall all over and over again
In love with a girl like you
You've been my by my side through the good and the tears
Your faith from the heart held on through the years
When things would get cloudy you'd help me to see
This love isn't blind we've got all that we need
(REPEAT CHORUS)"
"1240" "The skies are blue, but I still hear thunder
The skies are clear, but there's lightning under my skin
It's gonna rain again, and when the rains come down
I'll be on that road again
Warriors will ride.
On their painted horses
Blessed by the wind
And the unseen forces above
They will ride on as one
They will brave the storm
Till the rains are over and done
Ride on crazy horse
Take me to the hills
Beyond the battle, where the waters are still
Where it's so quiet you can hear the children run
Far away from the sound of the gun
These are the feathers of a golded eagle
These are the feathers of an ancient people
You must, you must set my people free
Never hold me down, for the eagle must fly free
Warriors will ride on their painted horses
Bless by the wind and the unseen forces above
They will ride on as one
They will brave the storm
Till the rains are over and done"
"1241" "There's no reason
For fighting this way
There's no rhyme in the
Words that we say
The sun is gonna rise
The sun is gonna rise again
The sun is gonna rise
The sun is gonna rise again
There's no beauty
In thoughts that betray
There's no peace
When your life's gone astray
Good and evil
Fighting for your soul
We are children
Standing in the coldest night"
"1242" "Every now and then, I forget about you
All the things you said, the things we used to do
Then the sun goes down and the night sets in
And in this lonely town your memory never ends
Seasons may pass me by year after year
But this love will never die and I'll stilll be here
When you need someone to care
Someone to come home to
Till then, I'll wait for you
Out in Colorado or down in Tennesee
It doesn't matter where you are, your home's still here with me
So I'll keep on prayin' that someday you'llfind
What you've been earching for is what you left behind"
"1243" "If I took away your shelter, put you on the street
If I took away your table and chairs, threw away your meat
Stole away your wife and child, see how lonesome you would be
Is that what it would take for you to listen to me
If I took away your legs and you could never walk
If I took away your words and you could never talk
Blinded your eyes and you could never see
Locked you up in shackles and you were no longer free
Is that what it would take for you to listen to me...
Listen to me, I am the thunder you refuse to hear
I am the Rock you can't hide under
You have nothing more to fear
This is a time for healing, the scars upon the land
My son, listen to me..
If I gave you a blanket, you could be warm
If I gave you a roof to stay under
Would that save you from the storm
Gave you all the money you could ever spend
Do you think that means your troubles would finally end
Is that what it would take for you to listen to me
Listen to me, I am the thunder you refuse to hear
I am the Rock you can't hide under
You have nothing more to fear
This is a time for healing, the scars upon the land
My son, listen to me
I give you the seed dig your roots deep in the land
Here's a blade to turn the soil grow somethin' in the sand
I give you all me blessings, my blood runs through your veins
I will stand beside you, even when it rains
My son listen to me
Listen to me, I am the thunder you refuse to hear
I am the Rock you can't hide under
You have nothing more to fear
This is a time for healing, the scars upon the land
My son, listen to me.."
"1244" "Instrumental"
"1245" "Instrumental"
"1246" "Far across the Mississippi and out on the open plains
In an Oklahoma cow town where the sky begins to rain
In a dusty run-down honky tonk sits a drifting tumbleweed
Thumbing through some magazine that he can't even read
Now tumbleweed remembers how the west was won and lost
The homestead act and the dust bowl, everybody paid the cost
And the great white father promised to treat his children all the same
Back when Indian territory was Oklahoma's name
Oh tumbleweed keep rollin', he just roams from town to town
It ain't easy for a half-breed kid to try and settle down
Tumbleweed keep rollin', he can't find no place to rest
Yeah the desert wind blows tumbleweed like some spirit of the west
Well his boot heals tap in time to an old flat top guitar
And he's a guitar local hero and he sings straight from the heart
And his tip jar just a jungle of worn old dollar bills
He makes his rent and grocery in the local bar and grill
When he starts to picking that old guitar you know the people turn and stare
When he starts to sing the songs he wrote wells there's magic in the air
'Cause his song can heal your wounded heart, he can set you spirit free
He can raise you hopes to be the very best that you can be
Oh tumbleweed keep rollin', he just roams from town to town
It ain't easy for a half-breed kid to try and settle down
Tumbleweed keep rollin', he can't find no place to rest
Yeah the desert wind blows tumbleweed like some spirit of the west
So if you cross the Mississippi, you head out on the open plain
And you pass through Oklahoma and the sky begins to rain
And you feeling kind of rootless, you can't find no place to rest
Just remember tumbleweed, he's the spirit of the west
Oh the desert blows old tumbleweed like some spirit of the west"
"1247" "Ridin' on to El Paso, followin' the rodeo
When she stole my heart under a desert moon
In a bordertown down in Mexico, where all the lonely cowboys go
Stands a mission church at the end of a crowded street
Was there I first caught sight of her alone, my heart began to stir
She was kneeling there at the foot of a painted cross
On the borderline,
Crossing the heartlands again and again
On the borderline,
If lightning would strike me, I'd never know when
My heart must always remain on the borderline
Had to stay another day if only just to find a way to meet that girl who prays by the lonesome grave
They say she lost her only one to a battle of the blazing guns
Now she cries each night and her tears stain the desert sand
She vowed to never give her heart to someone else if they should part
I'll never meet those eyes to tell her I love her so
I'm on the borderline
Crossing the heartlands again and again
On the borderline
If lightning would strike me I'd never know when
My heart must always remain on the borderline"
"1248" "Garbage fires, worn out tires
Dull jackknives, broken lives
Starts and stops, at old pawn shops
Boys first fish, drunkards wish
Thoughts of war, behind a motel door
Strangers touch, on a broken crutch
Old man sing under an eagles wing
Cigarette spark, stray dog bark...
As long as the grasses grow
And the four winds blow
I feel your prayers from home
In this Pile of Stones
Old bike frames, the candles flame
High school dances, never had a chance
Fly off in a rage, like a bird in a cage
Baptized in the water, death of my father
Sun goes down, on this part of town
Boxers fist, junkies wrist
Deserted tracks, I ain't goin back
Buffalo bones, old grave stones
As long as the grasses grow,
And the four winds blow
I feel your prayers from home
In this Pile of Stones, stones, stones..."
"1249" "There is anger, there is rage
Nameless victims of the age
Hear their voices, hear their cries
Face to face and eye to eye
Where there is promise, there is hope
There is you
Where there is kindness, there is love
There is you
Greedy tyrants using force
Vengeful souls without remorse
Spreading hate, spreading lies
Icy fire behind their eyes
Where there is conscience, there is truth
There is you
Where there is someone with a need
There is you
You are a rock
You are a shield
You are a flower in the field
You are a shelter in the storm
Making ovens, building bombs
When will we question what is wrong?
Take a stand, draw the line
Will we die before our time?
Where there is grace, there is beauty
There is you
Where there is peace, there is life
There is you
Where there is grace, there is beauty
There is you
Where there is peace, there is life
There is you, yeah
You are a rock
You are a shield
You are a flower in the field
You are a shelter in the storm"
"1250" "Instrumental"
"1251" "Instrumental"
"1252" "Put on your best new dress,
And let your hair hand down
Leave behind that kitchen mess,
We're going out on the town
I'll put my new boots on,
Brush off my hat
And like the wind we're gone
Can't do better than that
And then we'll dance the blues,
Dance the blues,
Dance the blues away
Tonight is yours and mine
Like old times,
Lets dance the blues away
I asked you for your hand
Seven yeas gone by
Back when we used to dance
Let's give it one more try
Each day brings new romance
That our hearts can't hide
Under the moon you'll dance
In my arms tonight
Out in this crazy world
Things can go wrong
I've got one and only girl
And we're still going strong"
"1253" "Instrumental"
"1254" "I was lookin' back on faded dreams from yesturday
Like a brush from my past they painted the evening sky
But the currents so strong, I couldn't hold on
They kept rollin' by
And all the colors bled into a river of time
The innocent child fades into the mist on the river of time
An angry young man is shaking his fist on the river of time
Roll on river of time, rage on river of time
There are faces and places I hold sacred
Some I've passed along the way
Some live on in memory, some I've passed along the way
With the rain from a storm, a river is born
Winding down to the sea, and the river of time
Keeps on rollin' thru eternity
The angry young man learns how to forgive
On the river of time
He holds an innocent child in his arms
On the river of time
Roll on river of time
Rage on river of time"
"1255" "Look for me on the mountain
Cry to me on the winds
Call for me in the canyons
And you will find me again
Come to me with your sorrow
Come to me with your pain
I have seen your tomorrow
But tonight brings the rain
After the storm is over
And the rains have come and gone
After the storm is over
I was there all along
Reach for me when you're broken
When the journey is too long
When all your worry is unspoken
For in your weakness I am strong
Call to me from the darkness
Turn to me when you thirst
Come to me when you're homeless
Then the last will be first"
"1256" "In the Beartooth Mountains where the twin peaks touch the sky
There's a homemade cabin out of sight from tourists' eyes
And inside lightin' up a fire to fight the cold
Lives a miner's daughter with a heart as pure as gold
She's as gentle flowin' as the sweet grass on the plains
And I need her lovin' like the forest needs the rain
Like a rollin' river she just swept my heart away
Now I'm out here driftin' when I know I should've stayed
Oh, that west wind is callin' in skies of turqoise blue
And the creek is still runnin' like quicksilver dew
She was all that I needed, why did I ever leave?
Oh, her voice voice on the westwind is still callin' me
There's a cold wind blowin' through this mountain pass tonight
As I hold her memory to my heart it don't seem right
Just an empty cabin with a lock left on the door
Now I realize that I've lost the girl for sure
So I went up to Red Lodge to see if they might know
All the townfolk said that she left sometime ago
She just up and married with a nice young city man
I was a fool to let her slip right through my hands"
"1257" "Instrumental"
"1258" "Instrumental"
"1259" "Deep in the heart of a city night
There's a young girl dancing free
Twiling in circle by the front porch light
Out on the street of dreams, out on the street of dreams
Further down there's a family
there's a young couple in their teens
Their baby smiling at a barking dog
It was down on the street of dreams
There on the street of dreams
And they still go where they want to
And the will be who the will be
Cause there are no walls around their hearts
On the street of dreams, their on the street of dreams
Two older men talk of days gone by
And of a world they've never seen
Their hearts are young but they've traveled far
On down the street of dreams, their on the street of dreams
And they still go where they want to
And the will be who the will be
Cause there are no walls around their hearts
On the street of dreams
And you can go where you want to
You can be who you will be
Cause there are no walls around your heart
On the street of dreams
And you can go where you want to
You can be who you will be
Cause there are no walls around your heart
On the street of dreams, we're on the street of dreams
Deep in the heart of a city night
there's a young girl dancing free
Twiling in circle by the front porch light
Out on the street of dreams, out on the street of dreams
There on the street of dreams......
Were on the street of dreams."
"1260" "Instrumental"
"1261" "I praise you for the rivers the mountains and the streams
I praise you for the eagle, the visions and the dreams
I praise all your creations the mountains and the streams
I praise you for the eagle, the visions and the dreams
I praise you for my children the mountains and the streams
I praise you for the eagle, the visions and the dreams
I praise you for my people the mountains and the streams
I praise you for the eagle, the visions and the dreams
The visions and the dreams, the visions and the dreams
Menominee Language:
Anishinabe = The People
Ma-Nee Ta-haem = We feel good in our hearts
Wa-Wa-Non = We thank you
Mau-Ne-Ka-Ko-Saw-te-wa = We have everything
Mah-Maw-Koh-Ne-No = Our father up above"
"1262" "Out beyond the broken billboards and the signs along the road
There's a trail your heart must follow no one but you could ever know
Where the winds and the coyote sing a song you've never heard
From a place that's long forgotten but you'll remember every word
[CHORUS:]
In a world that's always changing find the things that stay the same
Like the moon and stars that guide you out across the sweeping plain
Keep your eye on the horizon when you cross that great divide
All you have is what's inside you when you take that lonesome ride
Forever ride, forever ride, forever ride?
So go to sleep now little brother, dream of red tails in the west
I know until you find your way there, your crazy soul will never rest
We'll chase the horses in the springtime, when the desert flowers bloom
You may never hear my footstep, but I will always be with you
[REPEAT CHORUS]"
"1263" "A tall black cowboy hat pulled down low to hide his eyes
While lines of weekend window shoppers just kept rollin' by
I spotted him from my old truck as he stood out in the crowd
He was a little more than twice my age, but he still looked strong and proud
Hadn't seen my uncle now since I was seventeen
And the stories of the wild, wild west kept comin' back to me
He didn't say too much, just tipped his has as he closed the old truck door
And I knew that this trip down Highway 10 would bring me so much more
Where the old man and the little boy could see things eye to eye
He took me back to a place in time where legends never die...
His hands and face were lined and weathered, they told stories of their own
His skin as red as desert clay, his eyes as black as coal
He was a cowboy and an Indian, just a little bit of both
For years of working the ranches and rodeos he didn't have much to show
Then he closed his eyes and spoke to me, his voice was like the wind
And that truck turned into a raging steed so he could ride again
He grabbed the colors from the sky, put them in his hands,
Sprinkled them across the road like grains of colored sand."
"1264" "Instrumental"
"1265" "Some are born to wealth, and given shelter from the storm
Some were always held and had a fire to keep them warm
Some are born to poverty with no roof above their head
Some are facing suicide and wishin' they were dead
There are those with flowing rivers right outside their door
Refugees in boats who may never reach the shore
Some pray for rain and the pay for it in blood
When it rains for forty days we are all victims of the flood
Somewhere a brave heart must survive
Yes someday the truth will bury the lie
Yah somewhere a brave heart must survive
Too many here been prisoners deserving to be free
Too many in the darkness and they have no eyes to see
In the middle of the night they are taken from their homes
And they dig a common grave to cover up their flesh and bones
But a new day in dawning for the beggars and the blind
For those who have suffered and were always left behind
But the chains will be broken and the fences will come down
And we will walk as brothers once again on the sacred ground
Somewhere a brave heart must survive
Yes someday the truth will bury the lie
Yah somewhere a brave heart must survive"
"1266" "Instrumental"
"1267" "Well I hear that train a-coming
Its rollin' 'round the bend
I ain't seen the sunshine since, I don't know when
I'm stuck in Folsom Prison, time keeps dragging on
But that train just keeps on rollin', on down to San Anton'
When I was just a baby, mama told me son
She said always be a good boy, don't you ever play with guns
But I shoot a man in Reno, just to what he die
When I hear that lonesome whistle blow, I hang my head down and cry
Well I bet there's rich folk eating in some fancy dining car
Probably drinking coffee and smoking big cigars
Well I know, I had it coming, I know I can't be free
But that train just keeps on rollin', that's what tortures me
Keep on rollin'...
Well if they freed me from that prison and that railroad train was mine
I bet I move it on, just a little farther down that line
Far from Folson Prison, is where I want to stay
Well I let that lonesome whistle blow, blow my blues away
Well I let that lonesome whistle blow, just blow my blues away"
"1268" "I want to go where the blind can see
I want to go where the lame will walk
I wanna see the sick ones clean
Where the deaf can hear and the silent talk
[Chorus]
Where are you going, to a ghostdance in the snow?
Are your all, maybe warriors, that are finally coming home
I wanna go where the dead are raised
Where the mountain lion lays down with the lamb
I wanna stand where God is praised
I wanna ride across the plains to the promised land
[Chorus]
Where I'm going don't need to raise your voice
No starvation, have plenty to eat
No guns, no wars, no hateful noise
Just a victory dance, we'll never taste defeat
Where there's nothin' done or said that can't be forgiven
Where every step you take is on sacred ground
Walk away from death into the land of the living
Where all the lost tribes are finally found
[Chorus: x2]
As they're finally coming home"
"1269" "Well they put Geronimo in jail down south
Where he couldn't look the gift horse in the mouth
Sargent, sargent, don't you fear
There's something wrong with that automobile
Governer, governer, isn't it strange
I ain't never seen on car on this indian range
Warden, warder, please listen to me
Be brave and set geronimo free
I said boys, take me back
I want to ride in Geronimo's cadillac
I said boys, take me back
I want to ride in Geronimo's cadillac
Let me ride, let me ride
White man, white man, don't you know
Those indians they had no place to go
They took old Geronimo by storm
Ripped off the feathers from his uniform
Jesus tells me I believe its true
He said the red man is in the sun set too
They stole his land, now they won't give it back
And they sent Geronimo a cadillac
I said boys, take me back
I want to ride in Geronimo's cadillac
I said boys, take me back
I want to ride in Geronimo's cadillac
Let me ride, let me ride"
"1270" "Tell me just one more time the reason why you must leave
Tell me once more why you're sure you don't need me
Tell me again but don't think you'll covnince me
Oh, you said about fallin' in love again, you'd rather be dead
When someone breaks your heart, you cry your eyes red
There's nothin' so hard about the life that you've led
As far as I can see there's no reason for goodbye
You're just runnin' scared and that's something I won't buy
So you lose, I won't let you go, there's nothin' to show but more blues
And all this talk about leaving's strictly bad news
So you settle down and stay with the boy that loves you
Oh, you settle down and stay with the boy who loves you
Yeah, you settle down and stay with the boy who loves you..."
"1271" "Seven blue stones in the desert sand
A shiny gun in a young thief's hand
A stolen car and a broken dream
Blood on his hands and it won't come clean
No where to run, no where to turn
The fires of rage begin to burn
You can't go home and he can't go on
His flesh is weak and his spirits gone
Now he's behind a prison wall
He doesn't have the will to live
He says it's all his father's fault
He taught his son the way to live
He was unable to forgive
She wore his ring for thirty years
And one night he confessed his darkest fears
He'd been unfaithful, he'd been untrue
What could she say, what could she do?
No where to run, no where to turn
The fires of rage begin to burn
She can't go home and she can't go on
Her flesh is weak and her spirits gone
He had betrayed her with a kiss
Killed her desires, her will to live
And who was blinded, what did they miss?
Will she be able to forgive? Are we able to forgive?
Seven blue stones in the desert sand
A shiny gun in a young thief's hand
A stolen car, a broken dream
Blood on his hands and it won't come clean"
"1272" "Every word that you have spoken
And the promises you made
All the laws that you have broken
Some days these debts must be repaid
Every stone will be turned over
And we will see your ugly past
You stole the land you'll never own her
These evil ways they will not last
Someday their souls will be set free
And their voices will be heard
As far as every eye can see
They will have the final word
For every weed in every garden
And all the crops that ever died
While you were full and they were starvin',
My children will not de denied
Every fire that you have started
Every fist you threw my way
For all the families you have parted
The innocent will have their day.
Someday their should will be set free
And their voices will be heard
As far as I can see
They will have the final word"
"1273" "So many hills that we have climbed
So many trails we left behind
So many songs that I forget
The journey isn't over yet
Through all the years I've watched you grow
The little secrets we both know
How I held you when you slept
I've always felt the tears you wept
There is a reason for your laughter
There is a reason for your pain
There is a dream you're chasing after
There are some things you'll (we'll) never change
So many rivers we have crossed
The love we found the love we lost
The steps we made I will retrace
The broken memories can't erase"
"1274" "Clyde woke up real early while Edna was still asleep
Got dressed and had some coffee, then found his set of keys
He pulled on his levi jacket, he headed for the door
The kitchen smelled like dinner from the night before
A rumbling exhaust pipe woke Edna from her sleep
She stumbled like a drunkard yelling Clyde you wait for me
But Clyde was going nowhere, just sitting in his truck
Staring with a poker face, like he'd run out of luck
CHORUS:
Cause any fool would've turned and run
Any fool would've walked away
Any fool would've given up
But an ordinary man, he chose to stay
Now Edna, she couldn't say too much, she'd seen that look before
She kept tapping on Clyde's window, till he opened up the door
Then she put her arms around him, she never said a word
And Clyde turned on the radio and neither of them heard
He said Edna why don't you hop in, I think I'll call in sick
There's three one ways to a dead end street, now you just take your pick
And she pointed to the ballfield and the park where they first kissed
And Clyde grinned like he found something that he had almost missed
CHORUS
They spent that day in freedom, they hung on for many more
Raised up quite a family, they found what love was for
And the aging never slowed them down, they leaned on faith, not luck
Still out taking Sunday drives in Clyde's old beat up truck
You know Edna, she ain't no movie star and Clyde's a little slow
The shopping mall's replaced the park where they both used to go
But that's why they've both got each other, so they can keep their dreams alive
The simple dreams, the common man, still stand the test of time
CHORUS"
"1275" "Instrumental"
"1276" "I saw Judas Iscariot with a bottle of wine
Talkin' suicide with an old friend of mine
They gathered a crowd down at the end of the tracks
And a woman cried out, \"When is God comin' back?\"
And they pretended not to notice
They came down hard on the weak
Causing war and starvation
Refusing to let them speak
For every mountain I climb
For every river that winds
For every wind that will blow
I will send out my prayers
To the children below
I saw a crazy horse walkin' alone in the dark
On the streets paved in blood, on his broken heart
He never dreamed it would turn out like this
They pretend that they just don't see
They are blinded with their own mediocrity
They got their trophies and their cars
Big houses on the hill and they don't really care
That their wars are a killin' me
For every child that follows the dream
With ten thousand angels fly
No one will force them to run
They will stand up and fight till this battle is won
For every mountain I climb
For every river that winds
For every wind that will blow
I will send out my prayers
To the children below
For every mountain I climb
For every river that winds
For every wind that will blow
I will send out my prayers
To the children below
For every mountain I climb
For every river that winds"
"1277" "Instrumental"
"1278" "Instrumental"
"1279" "I was holding on to my grandad's hand
He was pointing to the promised land
That lay beyond the reservation road
He said don't make promises that you won't keep
Don't betray the earth beneath your feet
As we walked on the reservation road
[Chorus:]
And just for that one moment we were racing with the wind
And sound of horses thundering they echoed once again
Back to a place where our hearts and souls belong
A thousand dreams away from that reservation road
A thousand dreams away from that reservation road
Then his spirit soared into the sky
Beyond the place where eagle fly
And my tears fell on the reservation road
Now a hundred moons have come and gone
And I'm holding on to my newborn son
One day he'll walk on the reservation road
[Chorus:]
And just for that one moment we were racing with the wind
And sound of horses thundering they echoed once again
Back to a place where our hearts and souls belong
A thousand dreams away from that reservation road
A thousand dreams away from that reservation road
I was holding on to my grandad's hand
He was pointing to the promised land
That lay beyond the reservation road
It went way beyond the reservation road
Have you ever walked on the reservation road?
Let me take you down the reservation road
Like to take some Senators down the reservation road
Let me take you down the reservation road
Let me take you down the reservation road"
"1280" "About three miles up that run down road
There's an old town dump with some fools gold
Just waiting for a bandit's hand to steal
What one soul lost I'd always find
It's wild what some folk leave behind
But a poor boys dreams can always make it real
[CHORUS:]
Cause I threw stones at broken bottles
I washed my hands in God's rainwater
I found treasure others wouldn't claim
I threw stones at broken bottles
Took what this life had to offer
And I let it shine when others make it rain
Let it shine when others make it rain
Let it shine, let it shine, let it shine
When others make it rain
While driving through the promised land
Out there in the drifting sand
I saw a boy who looked at lot like me.
As I rolled my window down
I yelled across that one-horse town
I said, don't give up boy, you've got the right to dream!
(REPEAT CHORUS)"
"1281" "A orphan child is always looking for a home
A restless spirit with a burning desire to roam
Nobody can hold her too long, she's afraid she just might stay
When the nightbird starts a singing his song, like a gypsy she's on her way
Even the wind or the rain can't keep her from running away
On down that street through a long alley way
And the tears won't come
Cause there way inside
Somebody say a prayer
For the orphan child
Just nineteen but she looks much older than that
Pulling tricks down the avanue and shes working the streets at night like a cat
And the men she meets, their all the same
They don't even want to know her real name
When the morning sun is on the rise
She will sigh and call it a night
Just another fatherless one
And it nobody turns her around
She live and die in the streets of this town
And her tears won't come
Cause there way inside
Somebody say a prayer
For that orphan child
A orphan child is always looking for a home
She's looking for a home.
Somebody help that girl
Somebody say a prayer
She just looking for a home
Just looking for a home..."
"1282" "There's a hitchhiker standing on the side
Of the road off of exit 104
And a forgotten billboard for all night diner
That ain't even there no more
Three deserted farms just like monuments
Standing cold and still
While a hawk and a lonely state trooper
Stand guard out on lookout hill
I'm just following the road home on a trail of memories
Just a battle weary native son is there still a home for me
When you see me coming don't you turn away
'Cause this hometown boy needs a place to stay
And a little understanding on the road home
On the road home
There's still mud on my boots from across the sea
And I ain't gonna kick it off
'Cause it makes me remember what I need to forget
When I'm feeling lonesome and lost
And there's a river of scars and it's running deep
Right down to my very soul
And this battle rages every step of the way
While I try not to let it show
I'm just following the road home on a trail of memories
Just a battle weary native son is there still a home for me
When you see me coming don't you turn away
'Cause this hometown boy needs a place to stay
And a little understanding on the road home
On the road home
When you see me coming don't you turn away
'Cause this hometown boy needs a place to stay
And a little understanding on the road home
On the road home
I'm on the road home"
"1283" "Instrumental"
"1284" "You speak to me through a broken window
You are alive in an old oak tree
You hold me close when the winter wind blows
I hear your footsteps on the street
I feel your presence in the early mornin'
I dream of you in the darkest night
You call to me without a warning
I see your face in the fires lite
This kind of love you cannot hold
This kind of love it has no shame
This kind of love is never old
This kind of love you cannot hold
This kind of love you cannot tame
You found a way through all my secrets
And made my proud defenses fall
This kind of love it has no distance
This kind of love it knows no walls
This kind of love you cannot hold
This kind of love it has no shame
This kind of love is never old
This kind of love you cannot hold
This kind of love you cannot tame
Repeat:
This kind of love is without blame"
"1285" "He sang Honky Tonk Woman and American Pie
Most big city people would rather pass him by
Hes been sleeping on sidewalks under a neon sky
Lonely heart of a rebel has made the boy streetwise
He's got to give blood just to get his meals out here in Music City, U.S.A.
He's got hopes and dreams of swingin' a deal
All his friends they call him Billy Ray
Billy Ray, I can't turn away
'Cause you're a rock and roll cowboy with a burnin' desire to play
Billy Ray, the street is your stage
You keep on singin' your songs, somebody's gonna listen someday
He's just a good ole boy, so when he comes your way
Don't you turn around, he's got something to say
Everything he owns is in that beat up case
Ain't no gold record gonna take its place
He said the good Lord cares and watches over him
We are our brother's keeper, why can't we understand"
"1286" "Instrumental"
"1287" "My people were here long before the others cast their sails to the wind
Before the tears of innocence like a hard rain would desend
My people spread like eagle wings across the mountains and the plains
Now the feathers have been broken but the eagle still remains
My people heard the thundering as the iron horse crossed the land
Its echoes drowning out the cries of those who could not understand
My people watched the buffalo dying in the sun
While those tracks of steal lead to the sea, their will be done
Now their blood flows through these rivers and then into our veins
And their hearts are beating louder then all the years of shame
And their blood flows through these rivers just like an endless rain
And their hearts are beating louder then all the years of shame
My people have fought for this land, here and across the sea
Their shadows cast on sacred ground for all enturnity
My people's pride still can soar and dance across this land
You can see it in the eys of every woman, child, and man
Because the blood flows through these rivers and then into our veins
And their hearts are beating louder then all the years of shame
And their blood flows through these rivers just like an endless rain
And their hearts are beating louder then all the years of shame
My people are the Navoho, my people are the Cherokee
My people are Arapoho, my people are Menominee
My people are, my people are..."
"1288" "David had an eagle tatooed on his right arm
He got it back in high school, when we were working on the farm
He's still got that arrowhead we found when we were kids
And I knew we would be like brothers, well just as long as we both lived
I still got my memories of the night we jumped the fence
Stole you uncle's pickup truck, drove it up around the bend
You were the handsome cowboy, I the trusty brave
We were looking for some fallen angel waiting to be saved
Well for some it just comes so easy
For others seems its bread in the bones
But we danced to the beat of a different drum
Then the one we heard at home
I went to the mountains, I was reaching for the sun
I was on fire for leaving, this angry battle I thought I'd won
David dug his trenches, he fought his war at home
My mountain soon was crumbling, God I was all alone
Well for some it just comes so easy
And for others its bread in their bones
But I danced to the beat of a different drum
Then the one I heard at home
It was years before the smoke cleared, I could come back home again
Look my father in the eyes, I could finally let him in
For he was not the enemy, no the enemy was within
And I knew the day they understood because David was my friend
Well for some you know it comes so easy
And for others seems its bread in their bones
But I still danced to the beat of a different drum
Then the one I heard at home
I will always dance to the beat of a different drum
For the warrior has come home"
"1289" "Instrumental"
"1290" "Swam accross that muddy river
The moon was shining down
The tide was swift and the water deep
But I did not drown
I touched the land of milk and honey
And what I found
A bullet with your name on it
Still has the same sound
And I'm still on the run
Yeah I'm still on the run
I'm still under the gun
Yeah I'm still on the run
I felt the heat of the searchlights
But they were one step behind
Most men would have froze with fear
But it never crossed my mind
I got a woman, she a waitin
She put her heart on the line
Theres nothing here can hold me back
Cause love ain't no crime
And I'm still on the run
And I'm still on the run
I'm still under the gun
And I'm still on the run
Swam accross that muddy river
The moon was shining down
The tide was swift and the water deep
But I did not drown
I touched the land of milk and honey
And what I found
A bullet with your name on it
It still has the same sound
And I'm still on the run
And I'm still on the run
I'm still under the gun
And I'm still on the run
Well I'm still on the run
Don't you know I'm still running
Still on the run..."
"1291" "Instrumental"
"1292" "He makes his way through the heart of the night,
With all he owns in a pack
Those childhood ways disappeared in the struggle,
And it don't look like they're coming back
His heart is pounding like a drum in a cayon,
Givin' him courage and fear
He'll walk the footsteps of a man for the first time
While he's holding back the boys tears
Hungry and cold, so young and so old
There's so much that he doesn't know
But the voice that's inside him
Keeps telling him mile after mile
You're learning the art of survival
He eyes the lights of an ageless horizon,
Rising up from the sand
He aches for something to believe in and guide him
Out across this no man's land
Bridges behind him are burning to ashes
There's no way that he can turn back
But that voice that's inside him keeps telling him mile after mile
It's all in the art of survival
Dreams burn like wildfire
He feels the warmth in his bones
Faces of loved ones
Place like he's never known
Bridges behind him are burning to ashes
There's no way that he can turn back
But that voice that's inside him keeps telling him mile after mile
This is all in the art of survival
This is all in the art of survival?"
"1293" "A child will walk, a child will run
A child with faith, faith will fly
Anita hasn't walked right since she was small
Her legs are short and twisted not straight and tall
She learned when she was young how to deal with the rejection
Cast into a world with all it standards of perfection
Most people looked away with a downward glance
And as a beautiful young woman, she was never asked to dance
Her dreams were just as lofty as the girl next door
And she remember what her father said when she couldn't take no more
He said
Someday your going to soar like a eagle,
You will run and never grow tired
You'll become a new creation
If you just keep the faith of a child,
Keep the faith of a child
Now Anita lives alone in a paper mill town
In a one room apartment at sixth and brown
She's got a steady job well its all right for now
She has plans for moving on if she can make it some how
Her brown hands are folded as she bows her head to pray
Over doughnuts and some coffee she made up yesterday
Her mind begins to travel, she gives thanks to the lord
And a angel stands beside her, points out to the door
And said
Today you going to soar like a eagle
You will run and never grow tired
You've become a new creation
For you have kept the faith of a child
Kept the faith of a child, kept the faith of a child"
"1294" "With the wings of sorrow, I have taken flight
Cloaked in the darkness like a thief in the night
I have watched the farmer planting in his field
And known that what he sows, is there for me to steal
I take what I need, never more, never more
In the art of survival, there's no rich there's no poor
Time passes by, kingdoms come and go
I've seen it all, I'm a raven in the snow
I have watched the seekers searching for their gold
The rape of the land, generations unfold
Nations of the world, their rise and their fall
I've watched it all, I'm a raven in the snow
I have heard the crying, wailing in the wind
Empty words and broken promises, time and time again
Song of the sparrow, call of the crow
Echo in the mountain and the valley's below
The scarecrow and the hunter, can't keep me away
The winter winds a blowin' couldn't lead me astray
You can separate the flock still my colors would show
I will stand out, like a raven in the snow"
"1295" "I've got you under my skin
I have got you, deep in the heart of me
So deep in my heart that you're really a part of me
I've got you under my skin
I'd tried so, not to give in
And I said to myself this affair it never will go so well
But why should I try to resist when baby I know so well
That I've got you under my skin
I'd sacrifice anything come what might
For the sake of having you near
In spite of a warning voice that comes in the night
And repeats, repeats in my ear
Don't you know, you fool
You never can win
Use your mentality
Wake up to reality
And each time I do just the thought of you
Makes me stop before I begin
'Cause I've got you under my skin
I would sacrifice anything come what might
For the sake of having you near
In spite of a warning voice comes in the night
And repeats how it yells in my ear
Don't you know, you fool
That ain't no just win
Why not use your mentality
Wake up, step up to reality
And each time I do just the thought of you
Makes me stop just before I begin
Because I've got you under my skin
Yea, you grab me under my skin"
"1296" "There's a dangerous journey
You'll have to take
Be careful what you carry
Be careful what you take
[Chorus]
Blow on blessing wind
Blow on blessing wind
Blow on blessing wind
Blow on blessing wind
There's a path through the wilderness
You'll have to find
Those earthly possessions
You must leave behind
[Chorus]
The rich man owns rivers of gold
Don't know what it's worth
The meek and the purest of heart
Will inherit the earth
Blow on blessing wind
Blow on blessing wind, yeah
Blow on blessing wind
Blow on blessing wind
Here's a shield you must carry
A horse you must ride
Show no fear in battle
For I am by your side
Blow on blessing wind
Blow on blessing wind
Blow on blessing wind
Blow on blessing wind, yeah
Blow on
Blow on blessing wind
Blow on
Blow on blessing wind, oh yeah
Oh oh oh oh
Blow on
Blow on
Blow on"
"1297" "Like two dogs on an open road
Like two flowers on an old gravestone
Like two leaves tumblin' in the wind
I'm searchin' for a beginning that has no end
And I'm rollin' with the thunder
Still waitin' for the rain
Rollin' with the thunder
Still waitin' for the rain
Like two boots in a salvation army store
Like two sailors out lookin' for a whore
Two broken windows in a burned out van
I'm a fugitive lookin' for a
One-armed man
Two rings in an old pawn shop
Two dusty winos cussin' out a cop
Two tumbleweeds blowin' across the plain
We're all dry seeds just waitin' for the rain"
"1298" "Instrumental"
"1299" "I've sen a thousand starry nights
Caught glimpse of the moon
Romantic words by candlelight
They ended all too soon
All these roads that I've been down
And the faces that I've seen
I made my way from town to town
One step behind my dreams
And I've seen the way
Hearts can go astray
And the damage it can do
And my mind's made up
That no matter what
No one else will do
No one else but you
Sometimes fools will rush right in
And promises are made
But like whispers in the wind
Their words just fade away
And so on and on we go
Till someone comes along
Who can make this half seem whole
And make this heart beat strong
'Cause I've seen the way
Hearts can go astray
And the damage they can do
But my mind's made up
That no matter what
No one else will do
No one else but you"
"1300" "I heard a voice callin' out to me
Might've been a vision might've been a dream
It said some things will come and some will go
We're only here a moment don't you know
I don't claim to have all the answers
And I've got my share of questions
But if I don't follow blindly
It doesn't mean I've lost my way
I'm still on the journey
Headed down the road less traveled
I guess we're all gonna get there
In our own time and way
there's a bridge that leads to the other side
You'll know you've crossed when you arrive
Everyone will have a tale to tell
I'm gonna quench my thirst when I drink from that well"
"1301" "The last fall of the morning rain drips off the wino's shoes
He's sleeping in a cardboard tent too drunk to know its through
But the rainbow from this morning sun can't be too far behind
Down his alley where the sun won't shine the blind must lead the blind
Ten stories up the boy looks out his face pressed to the screen
He heard the thunder rolling in it woke him from his dream
And his mother's calling out to him boy get up and make your bed
But that kid's a thousand miles away hasn't heard a word she said
CHORUS:
But as long as the grass will grow
In the cracks of the sidewalk
Next to the old lampposts
As long as the birds will fly
In the thick broken air against a highrise sky
Then the morning sun will shed it's light
On the city down below
Inside a cab, the driver yawns, he's worked an all night shift
He sets his meter one last time before he call it quits
The heartbeat of the homeless still echoes in the streets
They're all wrapped in coats and blankets don't have enough to eat"
"1302" "Instrumental"
"1303" "Instrumental"
"1304" "[Verse:1]
Hear Our Prayer
Spirt come
How I Long for your sweet touch
[Verse:2]
On My Knees
I cry Out
Jesus savior behold your child
Chours
Like a deer longing for water
my soul yearns
Only you can fill my deephunger
my heart burns, my heart burns
[Verse:3]
Oceans Deep
Mountians High
Oh, My God
I can Not live with out your love
repeat
Chours"
"1305" "Crossroads, seem to come and go, yeah.
The gypsy flies from coast to coast,
Knowing many, loving none,
Bearing sorrow, having fun.
But, back home he'll always run,
To sweet Melissa.
Mmmm-hmmm.
Freight train, each car looks the same, all the same.
And no one knows the gypsy's name,
And no one hears his lonely sighs,
There are no blankets where he lies.
Lord, in his deepest dreams the gypsy flies,
With sweet Melissa.
Mmmm-hmmm.
Again, the mornin's come.
Again, he's on the run.
A sunbeam's shinin through his hair.
Fear not to have a care.
Well, pick up your gear and gypsy roll on.
Roll on.
Crossroads, will you ever let him go? Lord, Lord.
Or will you hide the dead man's ghost?
Or will he lie, beneath the clay?
Or will his spirit float away?
But, I know that he won't stay,
Without Melissa.
Yes, I know that he won't stay, yeah,
Without Melissa.
Lord, Lord, it's all the same.
Mmmmm-hmmmmm."
"1306" "I dreamed I saw crazy horse, riding through the badlands he was wild and brave and free
I swear I heard the crys of the innocent victims in the wind at wounded knee
Theres a trail of tears we could follow, can you hear the footsteps of the Cherokee
Its a trail of broken promises, will you walk this trail with me
We can find america down the trail of freedom
Walk the way of my fathers from sea to sea
Oh can you find america, hear the drums of freedom
Gonna find it together, walk this trail
Walk the trail with me
I felt the Chipawa wind off Lake Michigan on a cold Chicago day
I heard the thunder of the Seminoles, way down in the everglades
And I've seen it in the beauty of a Navaho girl, like a flower in the desert heat
And I've felt it in the pride of a Cheyene dancer, as he moved to an ancient beat
Oh can you find america down the trail of freedom
Walk the way of my fathers from sea to sea
Yeah we can find america, hear drums of freedom
Gonna find it together, walk this trail
Walk the trail with me
I walk the streets of Gallup, New Mexico on a saturday night
I watched my brothers fall to the alcohol, we were going down without a fight
Hey brothers, we must walk with the pride of Cheif Joseph, have the courage of Geronimo
For this trail its long, so you have to be strong, just to find your way back home
We can find america down the trail of freedom
Walk the way of my fathers from sea to sea
Oh can you find america, hear the drums of freedom
Gonna find it together, walk this trail
Walk the trail with me"
"1307" "Old pictures kept in a tattered cardboard box
And after church on Sunday it was a crazy thing to watch
How we'd gather 'round the table like pieces of a puzzle that didn't fit
I don't believe there was one memory that my momma could not relive
She has old dreams and new hopes
Worn out quilts and jump ropes from days gone by
She has old dreams and new hopes
Cold hands, warm heart and a faith that just won't die
When everyone had gone to bed, my dad was in the kitchen eatin' pie
He's listening to his radio, I don't believe I ever saw my daddy cry
Put behind his days of drinkin', but I do believe that the bottle took its toll
Now he needs his nights for thinkin' cause his heart just can't admit he's growing old
He has old dreams and new hopes
Worn out books and a pack of smokes to get him by
He has old dreams and new hopes
Good jokes, strong coffee and a heart that just won't die
I can see him in the kitchen fast asleep with the morning coming on
And my momma's sleeping peacfully with her crucifix and her pictures all around
She'll be up before he notices making eggs and bacon for his day
He'll warm up his cup of coffee, get a hug and be on his way
They have old dreams and new hopes
Nine children and a house in the woods to get them by
They have old dreams and new hopes
Faced the hard times together with a love that just won't die
No, it just won't die
Just won't die"
"1308" "Instrumental"
"1309" "A boy heard the voice of the whippoorwill one night
and went out to find where he was singing. He had to
walk quite a ways through a big field, because the
song of the whippoorwill carried so well in the wind he
sound much closer then he really was. And on the way
the boy found a well worn trail, so he stayed on it for a
while. And sitting in the middle of the trail was coyote,
and coyote was singing too. He turned and saw the
boy and he said \"Why are you follow me?\" The boy
was frightened and said \"Well the trail you made
happened to be a short and easy way through this
field. Then coyote asked \"Well if your not following
me then why are you here?\" \"Well I heard the beautiful
song of the whippoorwill and wanted to watch him
sing.\" \"Well do you not think my songs are beautiful?\",
said coyote. \"Oh\", said the boy, \"there good but I hear
you all the time. I much prefer the songs of the
whippoorwill\" This made coyote furious and he was
jealous of the whippoorwill's song. He said \"Listen to
my night song you might like this one\" And he pulled
back his head and yodeled out a tune. The boy
covered his ears and politely said, \"Thank you for the
song, but I must be going now.\" \"Well\", coyote said, \"I
can show you a short cut to the whippoorwill boy, and
where he sings is just over there.\" Pointing his claw,
smiling out of the side of his mouth. The boy paused,
looked around, he knew the night was passing fast so
he agreed to follow coyote. But coyote's trail was
rough and rocky. And the boy fell in quite a few
gopher holes along the way. Coyote turned around
and laughed and he yelled to the boy. \"Were almost
there, hurry up.\" Coyote was at a full trot but the boy
had just fallen again and hurt his knee. And by the time
he got to the place where the whippoorwill had been
singing all night, it was morning. Whippoorwill was
gone. And so was coyote, in fact he could hear
coyote's songs in another field. So the boy turned and
headed for home, covered with burrs, misq bites and a
skinned up knee. And it was many summers later
when the boy became a wiser man. And he realized,
there are no shortcuts to find something you really
love. But there are many trails in this life. So you must
stay true to your path, and always keep and eye out
for coyote"
"1310" "In saturday night the love seems spreading all the world
So why you feel so sad just take it easy and get back
Why this should happen and why you just disappearing?
In another day the world seems spreading all the love
So why you feel so stressed just take it easy and get up
So why this should happen and why you just disappearing
Am I just the one who feel not right or am I just want to see you now
So please just make it warm, cause Im freezing here
Evening in the avenue and watch a thrilling movie with you
But now this night seems like better now
You just fill my boredom with much laugh
Oh this should happen more
Oh you just came back to me
Oh this should happen more
You make my day bright
Am I just the one who feel not right or am I just want to see you now
So please just make it warm cause Im freezing here."
"1311" ""
"1312" ""
"1313" ""
"1314" ""
"1315" ""
"1316" ""
"1317" ""
"1318" ""
"1319" ""
"1320" ""
"1321" ""
"1322" "Darling, we don't have much to say
To each other, I wanna see your face so
Darling, don't waste a tear
On me
I've been running
I wanna be around
(Chorus)
I just need a little bit
I need a little bit more self control
A little bit
I need a little bit more
Self control
I don't wanna be a
Mystery
I don't wanna be a
Mystery anymore
Darling, I'll be dreaming of yesterday
Was it something
You can't ever replace
So darling, thought we wouldn't ever end up
This way
Cus' I promised, I'd always be around
Be around
But I just need a little bit
(Chorus)
A little bit,
I need a little more self control
A little bit,
I need a little bit more self control
I don't wanna be a mystery
I don't wanna be
A mystery
Anymore
*solo*
(Chorus x2)"
"1323" "Oh the buzzin' of the bees in the cigarette trees
The soda water fountain where the lemonade springs
And the bluebird sings in that Big Rock Candy Mountain
On a summer day
In the month of May
A burly bum came ahiking
Down a shady lane
Through the sugar cane
He was looking for his liking
As he strolled along
He sang a song
Of the land of milk and honey
Where a bum can stay
For many a day
And he won't need any money
Oh the buzzin' of the bees in the cigarette trees
The soda water fountain where the lemonade springs
And the bluebird sings in that Big Rock Candy Mountain
In the Big Rock Candy Mountain
The cops have wooden legs
The bulldogs all have rubber teeth
And the hens lay soft-boiled eggs
The farmers' trees are full of fruit
The barns are full of hay
I want to go where there ain't no snow
Where the sleet don't fall and the wind don't blow
In that Big Rock Candy Mountain
There's a lake of gin
We can both jump in
And the handouts grow on bushes
In the new-mown hay
We can sleep all day
And the bars all have free lunches
Where the mail train stops
And there ain't no cops
And the folks are tender-hearted
Where you never change your socks
And you never throw rocks
And your hair is never parted
Oh the buzzin' of the bees in the cigarette trees
The soda water fountain where the lemonade springs
And the bluebird sings in that Big Rock Candy Mountain
Oh, a farmer and his son,
They were on the run
To the hay field they were bounding
Said the bum to the son,
\"Why don't you come
To that big rock candy mountain?\"
So the very next day
They hiked away,
The mileposts they were counting
But they never arrived
At the lemonade tide
On the big rock candy mountain
Oh the buzzin' of the bees in the cigarette trees
The soda water fountain where the lemonade springs
And the bluebird sings in that Big Rock Candy Mountain
1. One evening as the sun went down
And the jungle fires were burning,
Down the track came a hobo hiking,
He said, \"Boys, I'm not turning
I'm heading for a land that's far away
Beside the crystal fountain
I'll see you all this coming fall
In the Big Rock Candy Mountain
Chorus:
In the Big Rock Candy Mountain,
It's a land that's fair and bright,
The handouts grow on bushes
And you sleep out every night.
The boxcars all are empty
And the sun shines every day
I'm bound to go
Where there ain't no snow
Where the sleet don't fall
And the winds don't blow
In the Big Rock Candy Mountain.
Chorus:
3. In the Big Rock Candy Mountain
You never change your socks
And little streams of alkyhol
Come trickling down the rocks
O the shacks all have to tip their hats
And the railway bulls are blind
There's a lake of stew
And ginger ale too
And you can paddle
All around it in a big canoe
In the Big Rock Candy Mountain
Oh the buzzin' of the bees in the cigarette trees
The soda water fountain where the lemonade springs
And the bluebird sings in that Big Rock Candy Mountain
In the Big Rock Candy Mountain
The cops have wooden legs
The bulldogs all have rubber teeth
And the hens lay soft-boiled eggs
The box-cars all are empty
And the sun shines every day
I'm bound to go
Where there ain't no snow
Where the sleet don't fall
And the winds don't blow
In the Big Rock Candy Mountain.
Oh the buzzin' of the bees in the cigarette trees
The soda water fountain where the lemonade springs
And the bluebird sings in that Big Rock Candy Mountain
In the Big Rock Candy Mountain,
The jails are made of tin.
You can slip right out again,
As soon as they put you in.
There ain't no short-handled shovels,
No axes, saws nor picks,
I'm bound to stay
Where you sleep all day,
Where they hung the jerk
That invented work
In the Big Rock Candy Mountain.
Chorus:"
"1324" "Last Sunday Mornin', Lord, Lord Lord (my recollection is that every line repeats)
Yeaah, Last Sunday Mornin' Lord Lord
I went huntin for the grey goose, Lord, Lord Lord
I went huntin for the grey goose, Lord, Lord Lord
missing bits ?
Well I took along my shotgun, Lord, Lord, Lord
repeat
And along come the grey goose Lord, Lord, Lord
repeat
So i raised up my shotgun (sic.)
and the gun went cabooloo, Lord, Lord, Lord
repeat
missing bits
He was six weeks afallin'
repeat
He was nine months a cookin'
repeat
and the knife wouldn't cut him
and the fork wouldn't stick him
and the last time I seen him
He was flyin' o'er the ocean
with a long string of goslin's,
Lord, Looord, Loooorrrrrd."
"1325" "Saw a flea kick a tree
Fooba- Wooba, Fooba- Wooba
Saw a flea kick a tree
Fooba- Wooba John
Saw a flea kick a tree
In the middle of the sea
Hey, John, Ho, John
Fooba- Wooba, John
Saw a frog chase a dog
Fooba- Wooba, Fooba- Wooba
Saw a frog chase a dog
Fooba- Wooba John
Saw a frog chase a dog
Sitting on a hollow log
Hey, John, Ho, John
Fooba- Wooba John
Saw a snail chase a whale
Fooba- Wooba, Fooba- Wooba
Saw a snail chase a whale
Fooba- Wooba John
Saw a snail chase a whale
All around the water pail
Hey, John, Ho, John
Fooba- Wooba John
Heard a cow say meow
Fooba- Wooba, Fooba- Wooba
Heard a cow say meow
Fooba- Wooba John
Heard a cow say meow
Fooba- Wooba John
Heard a cow say meow
Then I heard it say bow wow"
"1326" "Way up yonder above the sky
A bluebird lived in a jaybird's eye
Buckeye Jim, you can't go
Go weave and spin, you can't go
Buckeye Jim
Way up yonder above the moon
A blue jay nest in a silver spoon
Buckeye Jim, you can't go
Go weave and spin, you can't go
Buckeye Jim
Way down yonder in a wooden trough
An old woman died of the whoopin' cough
Buckeye Jim, you can't go
Go weave and spin, you can't go
Buckeye Jim
Way down yonder in a hollow log
A red bird danced with the green bullfrog
Buckeye Jim, you can't go
Go weave and spin, you can't go
Buckeye Jim"
"1327" "Froggie went a courtin and he did ride. Mhmm.
Froggie went a courtin and he did ride. A sword and a pistol by his side. Mhmm.
He went down to Missie Mousie's door. Mhmm.
He went down to Missie Mousie's door, where he had been many times before. Mhmm.
\"Missie Mouse, are you within?\" Mhmm.
\"Missie Mouse, are you within?\" \"Yes, kind sir, I sit and spin.\" Mhmm.
Took Missie Mouse upon his knee. Mhmm.
Took Missie Mouse upon his knee, said, \"Missie Mouse, will you marry me?\" Mhmm.
Without my Uncle Rat's consent. Mhmm.
Without my Uncle Rat's consent, I wouldn't marry the president. Mhmm.
Uncle Rat laughed and shook his fat sides. Mhmm.
Uncle Rat laughed and shook his fat sides, to think his niece would become a bride. Mhmm.
When Uncle Rat did his consent. Mhmm.
When Uncle Rat did his consent, the weasel wrote the publishment. Mhmm.
Next came in was a bumblebee. Mhmm.
Next came in was a bumblebee, danced a jig with a two-leg flea. Mhmm.
They all did hoot and the birds they sang. Mhmm.
They all did hoot and the birds they sang and through the woods the music rang. Mhmm.
Where will the wedding breakfast be? Mhmm.
Where will the wedding breakfast be? He went down yonder in a hollow tree. Mhmm.
What will the wedding breakfast be\"? Mhmm.
What will the wedding breakfast be? Two green beans and a black-eyed pea. Mhmm.
They all went sailing across the lake. Mhmm.
They all went sailing across the lake and got swallowed up by a big black snake. Mhmm.
There's bread and cheese upon the shelf. Mhmm.
There's bread and cheese upon the shelf. If you want anymore you can take it yourself. Mhmm."
"1328" "AUNT RHODY
Go tell Aunt Rhody, go tell Aunt Rhody,
Go tell Aunt Rhody that the old gray goose is dead.
The one she's been saving to make a feather bed.
The old gander's weeping, because his wife is dead.
The goslings are mourning, because their mother's dead.
She died in the mill pond from standing on her head.
Go tell Aunt Rhody that the old gray goose is dead.
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Traditional, from old France. Some say the philosopher Rousseau
Had a hand in its making.
Filename[ AUNTRODY
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"1329" "Little Lost Angel in the snow
Shivering cold from head to toe
Little Lost Angel didn't know
Which was the way to Jubilo
Which was the way to Jubilo
Little Lost Angel, come, said I
Here is my house all warm and dry
Little Lost Angel, don't you cry
I'm very pleased that you stopped by
I'm very pleased that you stopped by
Little Lost Angel smiled at me
Nibbled his cake and sipped his tea
\"Sir, you have made me fine and warm
May the Lord keep you from all harm
May the Lord keep you from all harm.\"
Little Lost Angel rose to go
Fluttered his wings and curtsied low
Here are his footsteps in the snow
Where I showed him the way to Jubilo
Showed him the way to Jubilo"
"1330" "A little bitty tear let me down,
Spoiled my act as a clown
I had it made up not make a frown,
But a little bitty tear let me down.
You said you were leaving tomorrow
That today was our last day
I said there'd be no sorrow,
That I'd laugh when you walked away.
A little bitty tear let me down,
Spoiled my act as a clown
I had it made up not make a frown,
But a little bitty tear let me down.
I said I'd laugh when you left me
Pull a funny as you went out the door
That I'd have another waiting
And I'd wave goodbye as you go.
A little bitty tear let me down,
Spoiled my act as a clown
I had it made up not make a frown,
But a little bitty tear let me down.
Everything went like a planned it
And really put on quite a show
In my heart I felt I could stand it
Till you walked with your grip through the door.
A little bitty tear let me down,
Spoiled my act as a clown
I had it made up not make a frown,
But a little bitty tear let me down.
A little bitty tear let me down."
"1331" "There's a hole in my bucket, dear Liza, dear Liza
There's a hole in my bucket, dear Liza, a hole
Then mend it, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, dear Goofy
Then mend it, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, then mend it
With what shall I mend it, dear Liza, dear Liza?
With what shall I mend it, dear Liza, with what?
With some straw, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, dear Goofy
With some straw, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, some straw
The straw is too long, dear Liza, dear Liza
The straw is too long, dear Liza, too long
Then cut it, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, dear Goofy
Then cut it, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, then cut it
With what shall I cut it, dear Liza, dear Liza?
With what shall I cut it, dear Liza, with what?
With a knife, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, dear Goofy
With a knife, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, with a knife
The knife is too dull, dear Liza, dear Liza
The knife is too dull, dear Liza, too dull
Then sharpen it, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, dear Goofy
Then sharpen it, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, sharpen it
With what shall I sharpen it, dear Liza, dear Liza?
With what shall I sharpen it, dear Liza, with what?
With a stone, dear Goofy, dear goofy, dear Goofy
With a stone, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, with a stone
The stone is too dry, dear Liza, dear Liza
The stone is too dry, dear Liza, too dry
Then wet it, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, dear Goofy
Then wet it, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, then wet it
With what shall I wet it, dear Liza, dear Liza?
With what shall I wet it, dear Liza, with what?
With water, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, dear Goofy
With water, dear Goofy, dear Goofy, with water
In what shall I get it, dear Liza, dear Liza?
In what shall I get it, dear Liza, in what?
In a bucket dear Goofy, dear Goofy, dear Goofy
In a bucket dear Goofy, dear Goofy, in a bucket
There's a hole in my bucket, dear Liza, dear Liza
There's a hole in my bucket, dear Liza, a hole"
"1332" "Come, they told me pa-rum pum pum pum
Our newborn King to see, pa-rum pum pum pum
Our finest gifts we bring pa-rum pum pum pum
To lay before the King pa-rum pum pum pum
Rum pum pum pum. rum pum pum pum
So to honor Him pa-rum pum pum pum
When we come
Little Baby pa-rum pum pum pum
I am a poor boy too, pa-rum pum pum pum
I have no gift to bring pa-rum pum pum pum
That's fit to give our King pa- rum pum pum pum
Rum pum pum pum, rum pum pum pum
Shall I play for you, pa-rum pum pum pum
on my drum?
Mary nodded pa-rum pum pum pum
The Ox and Lamb kept time pa-rum pum pum pum
I played my drum for Him pa-rum pum pum pum
I played my best for Him pa -rum pum pum pum
Rum pum pum pum, rum pum pum pum
Then He smiled at me pa-rum pum pum pum
Me and my drum"
"1333" "City sidewalks, busy sidewalks.
Dressed in holiday style
In the air
There's a feeling
of Christmas
Children laughing
People passing
Meeting smile after smile
and on every street corner you'll hear
Silver bells, silver bells
It's Christmas time in the city
Ring-a-ling, hear them sing
Soon it will be Christmas day
Strings of street lights
Even stop lights
Blink a bright red and green
As the shoppers rush
home with their treasures
Hear the snow crunch
See the kids bunch
This is Santa's big scene
And above all this bustle
You'll hear
Silver bells, silver bells
It's Christmas time in the city
Ring-a-ling, hear them sing
Soon it will be Christmas day"
"1334" "We're a couple of misfits
We're a couple of misfits
What's the matter with misfits
That's where we fit in!
We're not daffy and dilly
Don't go 'round willy nilly
Seems to us kinda silly
That we don't fit in.
We may be different from the rest
Who decides the test
Of what is really best?
We're a couple of misfits
We're a couple of misfits
What's the matter with misfits
That's where we fit in!
Why am I such a misfit?
I am not just a nit wit!
I'm an adorable reindeer
Why don't I fit in?
Why am I such a misfit?
I am not just a nit wit!
They can't fire me.
I quit!
Seems I don't fit in
We may be different from the rest
Who decides the test
Of what is really best?
We're a couple of misfits
We're a couple of misfits
What's the matter with misfits
That's where we fit in!"
"1335" "Sleigh bells ring, are you listening
In the lane, snow is glistening
A beautiful sight, we're happy tonight
Walkin' in a winter wonderland
Gone away is the bluebird
Here to stay is a new bird
He sings a love song as we go along
Walkin' in a winter wonderland
In the meadow we can build a snowman
Then pretend that he is Parson Brown
He'll say are you married
We'll so no man
But you can do the job when you're in town
Later on we'll conspire
As we dream by the fire
To face unafraid
The plans that we made
Walkin' in a winter wonderland"
"1336" "Silver and gold, silver and gold
Ev'ryone wishes for silver and gold
How do you measure its worth?
Just by the pleasure it gives here on earth
Silver and gold, silver and gold
Mean so much more when I see
Silver and gold decorations
On ev'ry Christmas tree
For millions of girls and for millions of boys
When Christmas Day is here
The most wonderful day of the year!"
"1337" "For millions of girls and for millions of boys
When Christmas Day is here
The most wonderful day of the year!
A jack in the box waits for children to shout,
\"Wake up, don't you know that it's time to come out!\"
When Christmas Day is here
The most wonderful day of the year!
Toys galore
Scattered on the floor
There's no room for more
And it's all because of Santa Claus!
A scooter for Jimmy, a dolly for Sue
The kind that will even say \"How do you do.\"
When Christmas Day is here
The most wonderful day of the year."
"1338" "Silver and gold, silver and gold
Ev'ryone wishes for silver and gold
How do you measure its worth?
Just by the pleasure it gives here on earth
Silver and gold, silver and gold
Mean so much more when I see
Silver and gold decorations
On ev'ry Christmas tree"
"1339" ""
"1340" "Have a holly, jolly Christmas;
It's the best time of the year
I don't know if there'll be snow,
But have a cup of cheer.
Have a holly, jolly Christmas;
And when you walk down the street
Say Hello to friends you know
And everyone you meet.
Oh, ho, the mistletoe
Hung where you can see;
Somebody waits for you;
Kiss her once for me.
Have a holly jolly Christmas,
And in case you didn't hear,
Oh by golly, have a holly,
Jolly Christmas this year"
"1341" "Have a holly, jolly Christmas
It's the best time of the year
I don't know if there'll be snow
But have a cup of cheer
Have a holly, jolly Christmas
And when you walk down the street
Say hello to friends you know
And everyone you meet
Oh, ho the mistletoe
Hung where you can see
Somebody waits for you
Kiss her once for me
Have a holly, jolly Christmas
And in case you didn't hear
Oh by golly have a holly jolly Christmas
This year
(Have a holly, jolly Christmas
It's the best time of the year)
Have a holly, jolly Christmas
And when you walk down the street
Say hello to friends you know
And everyone you meet
Oh, ho the mistletoe
Hung where you can see
Somebody waits for you
Kiss her once for me
Have a holly, jolly Christmas
And in case you didn't hear
Oh by golly have a holly jolly Christmas
This year"
"1342" "Have a holly, jolly Christmas
It's the best time of the year
I don't know if there'll be snow
But have a cup of cheer
Have a holly, jolly Christmas
And when you walk down the street
Say hello to friends you know
And everyone you meet
Oh, ho the mistletoe
Hung where you can see
Somebody waits for you
Kiss her once for me
Have a holly, jolly Christmas
And in case you didn't hear
Oh by golly have a holly jolly Christmas
This year
(Have a holly, jolly Christmas
It's the best time of the year)
Have a holly, jolly Christmas
And when you walk down the street
Say hello to friends you know
And everyone you meet
Oh, ho the mistletoe
Hung where you can see
Somebody waits for you
Kiss her once for me
Have a holly, jolly Christmas
And in case you didn't hear
Oh by golly have a holly jolly Christmas
This year"
"1343" "Jingle, jingle, jingle
You will hear my sleigh bells ring
I am old Kris Kringle
I'm the King of Jingling
Jingle, jingle, reindeer
Through the frosty air they go
They are not just plain deer
They're the fastest deer I know (Ho! Ho!)
You must believe that on Christmas Eve
I won't pass you by
I'll dash away in my magic sleigh
Flying through the sky
Jingle, jingle, jingle
You will hear my sleigh bells ring
I am old Kris Kringle
I'm the King of Jingling (Ho! Ho!) For Thy mercy and Thy grace
Constant through another year
Hear our song of thankfulness
Father and Redeemer hear
Dark the future; let Thy light
Guide us, bright and morning star
Fierce our foes and hard the fight
Arm us Savior for the war
In our weakness and distress
Rock of strength be Thou our stay
In the pathless wilderness
Be our true and living way
Keep us faithful; keep us pure
Keep us evermore Thine own
Help, O help us to endure
Fit us for the promised crown"
"1344" "I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
Just like the ones I used to know
Where those tree-tops glisten
And children listen
To hear sleighbells in the snow
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
With every Christmas card I write
\"May your days be merry and bright
And may all your Christmases be white
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
Just like the ones I used to know
May your days may your days may your days be merry and bright
And may all your Christmases be white"
"1345" "You know Dasher and Dancer and Prancer and Vixen
Comet and Cupid and Donner and Blitzen
But do you recall the most famous reindeer of all
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
Had a very shiny nose
And if you ever saw it
You would even say it glows
All of the other reindeer
Used to laugh and call him names
They never let poor Rudolph
Join in any reindeer games
Then one foggy Christmas Eve
Santa came to say
Rudolph with your nose so bright
Won't you guide my sleigh tonight
Then how the reindeer loved him
As they shouted out with glee
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
You'll go down in history
(Repeat)"
"1346" "I heard the bells on Christmas day
Their old familiar carols play,
And wild and sweet the words repeat
Of peace on earth, good will to men.
And thought how, as the day had come,
The belfries of all Christendom
Had rolled along the unbroken song
Of peace on earth, good will to men.
Till ringing, singing on its way
The world revolved from night to day,
A voice, a chime, a chant sublime
Of peace on earth, good will to men.
And in despair I bowed my head
\"There is no peace on earth,\" I said,
\"For hate is strong and mocks the song
Of peace on earth, good will to men.\""
"1347" "Sing now a song of joy
Every Christmas is a birthday
Of that Baby born in Bethlehem
Far Far away
Ring out ol' bells of joy
Every Christmas is a birthday
Celebrated for that Baby Boy
Born Christmas Day
Sweet little stranger
There in the manger
Sent to be King of us
That Day of days
Angels above Him
Told us to love Him
Cling to him, bring to Him
Glory and praise
sing now a song of joy,
ever Christmas is a birthday
of that baby born in beth-le-hem
far, far a away
Ring out ol' bells of joy
Every Christmas is a birthday
Celebrated for that Baby Boy
Born Christmas Day
Ring out ol' bells of joy
Every Christmas is a birthday
Celebrated for that Baby Boy
Born Christmas Day
Sweet little stranger
There in the manger
Sent to be King of us
That Day of days
Angels above Him
Told us to love Him
stanger there in a manger
sent to be king of us
the day of days
Angels above Him
Told us to love Him
stanger there in a manger
sent to be king of us
that day of days
Angels above Him
Told us to love Him
stanger there in a manger
sent to be king of us
that day of days
Cling to him, bring to Him
Glory and praise
Cling to him, bring to Him
Cling to him, bring to Him
give him the Glory and praise,
Glory and praise"
"1348" ""
"1349" "A neighbor tipped his hat to me this mornin'
The landlord even smiled and said good day
And I want you to know that a stranger said hello
Christmas can't be far away
Old tight wad down the street is a buying candy
To pass out to the neighbor kids at play
The town is on the go and the weather man says snow
Christmas can't be far away
The small fry on our block have all been saving
And now their hiding things and looking sly
Mum will get that doodad she's been craving
And dad will get his usual Christmas tie
Both young and old are planning sweet surprises
They'll soon be tied with ribbons bright and gay
Good will is in the air and you feel it everywhere
Christmas can't be far away"
"1350" "Please send some snow
Some snow for Johnny
He wants to build
A big snowman
It was a week just before Christmas
Way down in Louisiana
A little boy was kneeling by his bed
In a manner poised and grand
I listened as he said his prayers
His voice came soft and low
He said, \"God tell Saint Nicholas
To send a little snow\"
Please send some snow
Some snow for Johnny
He wants to build
A big snowman
I'd like to build a snowman
Like the other children do
I've got an old top hat and a walking cane
Got a big long cigar too
Yes, everything is ready
And I'm all set to go
How can I build a snowman
When I haven't any snow
Please send some snow
Some snow for Johnny
He wants to build
A big snowman
Now, early Christmas morning
Much to his surprise
Snowflakes by the million
Were falling from the skies
Down the stairs and out-of-doors
As fast as he could go
So happy that Saint Nicholas
Had sent a little snow
Thanks for the snow
The snow for Johnny
Now he can build
A big snowman
Thanks for the snow
The snow for Johnny
Now he can build
A big snowman
Thanks for the snow
The snow for Johnny
Now he can build
A big snowman"
"1351" "There's always tomorrow to bring us a smile
Maybe we should borrow that thought for a while
For then we'll both remember that life is but a game
We'll fan the dying ember and coax it into flame
Tomorrow we'll borrow a thought from a song
To capture the rapture of days that are gone
For when we're reunited we'll have a bit to say
Tomorrow was yesterday
Tomorrow was yesterday"
"1352" "Ho ho ho.
Ho ho ho.
We are Santa's elves.
We are Santa's elves,
Filling Santa's shelves with a toy
For each girl and boy.
Oh, we are Santa's elves.
We work hard all day,
But our work is play.
Dolls we try out,
See if they cry out.
We are Santa's elves.
We've a special job each year.
We don't like to brag.
Christmas Eve we always
Fill Santa's bag.
Santa knows who's good.
Do the things you should.
And we bet you,
He won't forget you.
We are Santa's elves.
Ho ho ho. Ho ho ho.
We are Santa's elves.
Ho Ho!"
"1353" "I just came back from a lovely trip along the Milky Way
Stopped off at the North Pole to spend a holiday
I called on dear old Santa Claus
To see what I could see
He took me to his workshop
And told his plans to me, so
[Chorus]
You better watch out, you better not cry
Better not pout, I'm telling you why
Santa Claus is comin' to town
He's making a list and checking it twice
Gonna find out who's naughty and nice
Santa Claus is comin' to town
He sees you when you're sleepin'
He knows when you're a wake
He knows if you've been bad or good
So be good for goodness sake
Oh! You better watch out, you better not cry
Better not pout, I'm telling you why
Santa Claus is comin' to town
With little tin horns and little toy drums
Rooty toot toots and rummy tum tums
Santa Claus is comin' to town
And curly head dolls that toddle and coo
Elephants, boats, and kiddie cars too
Santa Claus is comin' to town
Then kids in Girl and Boy land will have a jubilee
They're gonna build a Toyland all around the Christmas tree
So! You better watch out, you better not cry
Better not pout, I'm telling you why
Santa Claus is comin' to town
Now Santa is a busy man, He has no time to play
He's got millions of stockings to fill on Christmas day
You'd better write your letter now
And mail it right away
Because he's getting ready
His reindeer's and his sleigh. So
[Chorus]
With little tin horns and little toy drums
Rooty toot toots and rummy tum tums
Santa Claus is comin' to town
And curly head dolls that toddle and coo
Elephants, boats, and kiddie cars too
Santa Claus is comin' to town
Then kids in Girl and Boy land will have a jubilee
They're gonna build a Toyland all around the Christmas tree
So! You better watch out, you better not cry
Better not pout, I'm telling you why
Santa Claus is comin' to town"
"1354" "What should we do with a drunken sailor
What should we do with a drunken sailor
What should we do with a drunken sailor
Early in the morning
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Early in the morning
Give him a hair of the dog that bit him
Give him a hair of the dog that bit him
Give him a hair of the dog that bit him
Early in the morning
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Early in the morn'
Put him in the scuppers with the hose pipe on him
Put him in the scuppers with the hose pipe on him
Put him in the scuppers with the hose pipe on him
Early in the morning
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Early in the morn'
Hoist him up to the topsail yardarm
Hoist him up to the topsail yardarm
Hoist him up to the topsail yardarm
Early in the morning
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Early in the morn'
Throw him in the brig until he's sober
Throw him in the brig until he's sober
Throw him in the brig until he's sober
Early in the morning
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Early in the morn'
That's what to do with a drunken sailor
That's what to do with a drunken sailor
That's what to do with a drunken sailor
Early in the morning
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Early in the morn'"
"1355" "One hour ahead of the posse
the bloodhounds are hot on my trail
last night I shot my sweetheart
this morning I broke out of jail
my Pinto is tired and hungry
and I'm feeling weary and warm
we started ahead of the posse
and we got to keep going on
the sherrif aswored he would get me
he's riding with 20 and 5
but I'm not afeared of that posse
they never will get me alive
One hour ahead of the posse
no turning to left or to right
we must win the race to the river
or there'll be a hanging tonight
one hour ahead of the posse
no time for remorse or regret
but somehow her eyes still haunt me
her laughter is taunting me yet
it started the night that we might
she kissed me and vowed she would care
I traded the gold in pocket
to fondle the curls in her hair
she lied when she told me she loved me
she lied with each kiss that she gave
she lied to the moment I caught her
and now she lies still in her grave
on hour ahead of the posse
the night is a-coming on fast
we must win the race to the rio
and well shake that old posse at last
we're nearing the end of our journey
and now I'm inside of my goal
at last we've beaten the posse
- gun shot -
may the Lord have mercy on my soul"
"1356" "I've reached the land of corn and wine,
And all it riches freely mine,
Now shines undimmed the blistful day,
But all my sins are cast away
Oh, Beulah Land, sweet Beulah Land
As on the highest mount I stand
I look away across the sea
Where mansions are prepared for me
And view the shining glory shore,
My Heav?n, my home forever more!
The Savior comes and walks with me
And sweet communion here have we,
He gently leads me with His hand,
For this is Heaven?s table land.
Oh, Beulah Land, sweet Beulah Land
As on the highest mount I stand
I look away across the sea
Where mansions are prepared for me
And view the shining glory shore,
My Heav?n, my home forever more!
The zephyrs seem to float to me,
Sweet sounds of Heaven?s melody,
And angels with the white robed throng
Join in the sweet redemption song.
Oh, Beulah Land, sweet Beulah Land
As on the highest mount I stand
I look away across the sea
Where mansions are prepared for me
And view the shining glory shore,
My Heav?n, my home forever more!
-------------------------
(optional 3rd verse and refrain,
Omitted by Burl Ives)
A sweet perfume upon the breeze,
Is borne from ever vernal trees,
And flow?rs, that never fading grow
Where streams of life forever flow.
Oh, Beulah Land, Beulah Land
As on the highest mount I stand
I look away across the sea
Where mansions are prepared for me
And view the shining glory shore,
My Heav?n, my home forever more!"
"1357" "There was a little railroad train with loads and loads of toys
All starting out to find a home with little girls and boys
And as that little railroad train began to chug along
The little engine up in front was heard to sing this song
Choo choo, choo choo, choo choo, choo choo, I feel so good today
Oh, clear the track, oh clickety clack, I?ll go my merry way
The little train went roaring on, so fast, it seemed to fly
Until it reached a mountain rising almost to the sky
The little engine moaned and groaned and huffed and puffed away
But halfway to the top it just gave up and seemed to say
I can't go on, I can't go on, I'm weary as can be
I can't go on, I can't go on, this job is not for me
The toys got out to push but all in vain alas, alack
And then a great big engine came a whistling down the track
They asked if it would kindly pull them up the mountain side
But with a high and mighty sneer it scornfully replied
don't bother me, don't bother me to pull the likes of you
Don't bother me, don't bother me, I've better things to do
The toys all started crying ?cause that engine was so mean
And then there came another one, the smallest ever seen
But though it seemed that she could hardly pull herself along
She hitched on to the train and as she pulled she sang this song
I think I can, I think I can, I think I have a plan
And I can do 'most anything if I only think I can
Then up that great big mountain with the cars all full of toys
And soon they reached the waiting arms of happy girls and boy
And though that ends the story it will do you lots of good
To take a lesson from the little engine that could
Just think you can, just think you can, just have that understood
And very soon you'll start to say, I always knew I could
I knew I could, I knew I could, I knew I could
I knew I could, I knew I could, I knew I could, I knew I could"
"1358" "As I walked out in the streets of Laredo
As I walked out in Laredo one day
I spied a young cowboy all wrapped in white linen
Wrapped in white linen as cold as the clay
I see by your outfit that you are a cowboy
These words he did say as I boldly walked by
Come sit down beside me and hear my sad story
I'm shot in the breast and I know I must die
It was once in the saddle I used to go dashing
Once in the saddle I used to go gay
First down to Rosie's and then to the card house
Got shot in the breast and I'm dying today
Get sixteen gamblers to carry my coffin
Get six jolly cowboys to sing me a song
Take me to the graveyard and lay the sod o'er me
For I'm a young cowboy and I know I've done wrong
Get six jolly cowboys to carry my coffin
Get six pretty maidens to sing me a song
Take me to the valley and lay the sod o'er me
For I'm a young cowboy, I know I've done wrong
Oh beat the drum slowly and play the fife lowly
Play the Dead March as they carry me along
Put bunches of roses all over my coffin
Put roses to deaden the clods as they fall
As I walked out in the streets of Laredo
As I walked out in Laredo one day
I spied a young cowboy all wrapped in white linen
Wrapped in white linen as cold as the clay"
"1359" "Mr. Rabbit, Mr. Rabbit
Your coat is mighty gray
Yes, bless God, it's made that way
Every little soul must shine, shine
Every little soul must shine, shine
Mr. Rabbit, Mr. Rabbit
Your ears are mighty long
Yes, bless God, they're put on wrong
Every little soul must shine, shine
Every little soul must shine, shine
Mr. Rabbit, Mr. Rabbit
Your ears are mighty thin
Yes, bless God, they're splitting the wind
Every little soul must shine, shine
Every little soul must shine, shine
Every little soul must shine, shine
Every little soul must shine, shine
Mr. Rabbit, Mr. Rabbit
Your eyes are mighty red
Yes, bless God, I'm almost dead
Every little soul must shine, shine
Every little soul must shine, shine"
"1360" "Lavender blue, dilly, dilly
Lavender green
If I were king, dilly, dilly
I'd need a queen
Who told me so
Dilly, dilly
Who told me so
I told myself, dilly, dilly
I told me so
If your dilly, dilly heart
Feels a dilly, dilly way
And if you'll answer, yes
In a pretty little church
On a dilly, dilly day
You'll be wed in a dilly, dilly dress of
Lavender blue, dilly, dilly
Lavender green
Then I'll be king, dilly, dilly
And you'll be my queen
Lavender blue, dilly, dilly
Lavender green
If you were king, dilly, dilly
You'd need a queen
Who told me so
Dilly, dilly
Who told me so
I told myself, dilly, dilly
I told me so
If your dilly, dilly heart
Feels a dilly, dilly way
And if you'll answer,yes
In a pretty little church
On a dilly, dilly day
I'll be wed in a dilly, dilly dress of
Lavender blue, dilly, dilly
Lavender green
Then you'll be king, dilly, dilly
And I'll be your queen"
"1361" "When I was young, I used to wait
On the boss and give him his plate
And pass him the bottle when he got dry
And brush away the blue tail fly
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
My master's gone away
And When he would ride in the afternoon
I'd follow after, with a hickory broom
The pony being rather shy
When bitten by blue tail fly
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
My master's gone away
One day, he ride around the farm
The flies so numerous, they did swarm
One chanced to bite him on the thigh
The devil take the blue tail fly
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
My master's gone away
The pony run, he jumped, he pitch
He threw my master in the ditch
He died and the jury wondered why
The verdict was the blue tail fly
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
My master's gone away
They lay him under a 'simmon tree
His epitaph is there to see
\"Beneath this stone, I'm forced to lie
Victim of the blue tail fly\"
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
Jimmy, crack corn and I don't care
My master's gone away"
"1362" "There's a little white duck, sitting in the water
A little white duck, doing what he oughter
He took a bite of a lily pad
Flapped his wings and he said, \"I'm glad
I'm a little white duck sitting in the water
Quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack\"
There's a little green frog swimming in the water
A little green frog, doing what he oughter
He jumped right off of the lily pad
That the little duck bit and he said, \"I'm glad
I'm a little green frog swimming in the water
Glump glug, glump glug, glump glug glug\"
There's a little black bug floating on the water
A little black bug doing what he oughter
He tickled the frog on the lily pad
That the little duck bit and he said, \"I'm glad
I'm a little black bug floating on the water
Chirp bzz, chirp bzz, chirp bzz bzz\"
There's a little red snake playing in the water
A little red snake doing what he oughter
He frightened the duck and the frog so bad
He ate the little bug and he said, \"I'm glad
I'm a little red snake laying in the water
Wriggle hiss, wriggle hiss, wriggle hiss hiss\""
"1363" "Got a new house with new lumber
Even got a new phone number
Did it all since we broke apart
Got acquainted with new faces
Started going to new places
But I've got that same old hurt in my heart
Got a new suit for next Sunday
Got a new job starting Monday
Got everybody thinking I'm half smart
Got a new vocabulary
Even got a new canary
But I've got that same old hurt in my heart
No matter what I change
Same old hurt stays the same
Always there reminding me that we're apart
Got a new wallet full of money
Got a new girl that calls me 'Honey'
But I've got that same old hurt in my heart
No matter what I change
Same old hurt, it stays the same
It's always there reminding me that we're apart
Got a new wallet full of money
Got a new girl that calls me 'Honey'
But I've got that same old hurt in my heart
Got that same old hurt in my heart"
"1364" "Some people have dogs for pets
And some people have cats but
There was a tailor, had a mouse
Hi diddle um come feed a
They lived together in one house
Hi diddle um come feed a
Hi diddle um, come tintrum tantrum
Through the town of Ramsey
Hi diddle um, come over the lea
Hi diddle um come feed a
The tailor had a tall silk hat
Hi diddle um come feed a
The mouse he ate it, fancy that
Hi diddle um come feed a
Hi diddle um, come tintrum tantrum
Through the town of Ramsey
Hi diddle um, come over the lea
Hi diddle um come feed a
The tailor, he chased him over the lea
Hi diddle um come feed a
The last of that mouse he never did see
Hi diddle um come feed a
Hi diddle um, come tintrum tantrum
Through the town of Ramsey
Hi diddle um, come over the lea
Hi diddle um come feed a"
"1365" "On top of old smokey.
On top of old smokey all covered with snow
I lost my true lover for courting too slow
For courting's a pleasure and parting's a grief
And a false hearted lover is worse than a thief
For a thief will just rob you and take all you save
But a false hearted lover will lead you to the grave
And the grave will decay you and turn you to dust
Not one girl in a hundred a poor boy can trust
They'll hug you and kiss you and tell you more lies
Than cross lines on a railroad or stars in the skies
So come all your maidens and listen to me
Never place your affections on a green willow tree
For the leaves they will wither and the roots they will die
You'll all be forsaken and never know why."
"1366" "Sitting by the roadside on a summer's day
Chatting with my mess-mates, passing time away
Laying in the shadows underneath the trees
Goodness how delicious eating goober peas
Peas, peas, peas, peas
Eating goober peas
Goodness how delicious
Eating goober peas
When a horse-man passes, the soldiers have a rule
To cry out at their loudest, \"Mister, here's your mule?\"
But another pleasure enchanting-er than these
Is wearing out your grinders, eating goober peas
Peas, peas, peas, peas
Eating goober peas
Is wearing out your grinders
Eating goober peas
Just before the battle, the General hears a row
He said, \"The Yanks are coming, I hear their rifles now\"
He turns around in wonder and what do you think he sees?
The Georgia Militia eating goober peas
Peas, peas, peas, peas
Eating goober peas
The Georgia Militia
Eating goober peas
I think my song has lasted almost long enough
The subject's interesting but the rhymes are mighty tough
I wish this war was over and free from rags and fleas
We'd kiss our wives and sweethearts, and gobble goober peas
Peas, peas, peas, peas
Gobble goober peas
We'd kiss our wives and sweethearts
And gobble goober peas"
"1367" "[Chorus:]
It's just my funny way of laughin'
Yes, my funny way of laughin'
Your leavin' didn't bother me
It's just my funny way of laughin'
Yes, my funny way of laughin'
I'm really happy as can be
If you see me with a great big smile
At some party where the fun runs wild
If tears start to flow and I fall apart
Please don't think you broke my heart
[Chorus]
If we meet on the street
And a little bitta tear rolls down my cheek
Please don't think it's because I'm blue
Or that I'm still in love with you
[Chorus]
Remember the day you left our place
And how the tears rolled down my face
It wasn't because you were leavin' me
I was happy because you were pleasing me
[Chorus]
(funny way of laughin', laughin')
(funny way of laughin', laughin')"
"1368" "Down in the valley the valley so low
Hang your head over, hear the wind blow
Hear the wind blow love, hear the wind blow
Hang your head over, hear the wind blow
Roses love sunshine, violets love dew
Angels in heaven, know i love you
If you don't love me, love whom you please
Put your arms round me, give my heart ease
Give my heart ease love, give my heart ease
Put your arms round me, give my heart ease
Write me a letter, send it by mail
Send it in care of, the Birmingham Jail
Birmingham Jail love, Birmingham Jail
Send it in care of, the Birmingham Jail
Build me a castle, forty feet high
So I can see her, as she rides by
As she rides by love, as she rides by
So I can see her, as she rides by
Down in the valley, the valley so low
Hang your head over, hear the wind blow"
"1369" ""
"1370" "Ive got a love - Ive got a love
Open my hand and make a jump
Im on a train its overrun
I fought like its not the only one.
Why could you go, where could you stay,
Ill die on my feet an Ill pass away
Grippin the rope in days just gone
And shoeing the bones for evryone.
And these are hard times to fall in love
These are hard times to fall in love
Oh I fell upon a hard hard mile
Shoed me some bones to stake my time
And I gunned for your love right through the sun
Shoeing the bones for evryone.
And these are hard times to fall in love
These are hard times to fall in love
And these are hard hard times
These are hard hard times"
"1371" ""
"1372" ""
"1373" ""
"1374" ""
"1375" ""
"1376" ""
"1377" ""
"1378" ""
"1379" "Her playground, her courtyards
Are out of this world
You can realign light
But you can't take tame the girl
And her eyes are the size of lagoons
All dreaming wild
In the morning
The universe shines
From under her skin
The delicate pattern
Of places she's been
Her baby days
Coiled up inside her
Like ribbons all tied
Greta be good to yourself
For goodness sake
You existed in moonlight
Before you were born
On the turn of each calendar
Inside and outside
Observatories clocked you in stars
They were holding so dear
Greta be good to yourself
You've always been here"
"1380" ""
"1381" "I was foreseen
Think of means to pass the light
I cant get to her
Can you teach me how to come?
Can you teach me how?
Hold a
Till new year comes another stunt
Talk hard pick a low
And truly our lips soft and round
Truly our lips soft
Can he move the boat?
I could see this German float
Though I cant be hers
Truly I need time alone
Truly I need time"
"1382" ""
"1383" "When it goes off
Well be the last bomb down, down here
My love is wrong
Youll be the ringing in my ear
Steering me right
When it goes off
Well be the last bomb down, down here
My love is wrong
Youll be the ringing in my ear
Still we never say we die
When it goes off
Well be the last bomb down, down here
My love is wrong
Youll be the ringing in my ear
Steering me right
When it goes off
Well be the last bomb down, down here
My love is wrong
Youll be the ringing in my ear
Still we never say we die"
"1384" ""
"1385" "Washed upon no side
The crock locker drained my eyes
You so fine that you didnt know how
Late like it seemed too much
Spoke like you
Come sea shore
We bought a feeling at night
Baby I said myself
Theres nothing the dark would share
Thats ok till the money runs out
You kill me with empathy
Crapes on a dire oh dear
And thats fine
But you dont out alone
You wont remember
The time we took on your broken face
I get some
So little effort
But I know that youre there
Cause youre making it hurt
Baby I said before
That surround Im searching for
Now we took out from me
We never grow old
And someday the meets will change
And youll sleep beyond the range
Its our date tomorrow
Going to be so
You wont remember
The time we took on your broken face
I get some
So little effort
But I know that youre there
Cause youre making it hurt"
"1386" "Once I heard the reason
To fall outside of season
A gentle, gentle coast
Towards the lookout post
On the last day of the year
Im just happy to be here
Looking at the leaves of time
In my mind
In my mind
Plans are real
Ploughing out
Across the fields
Holding court
For miles around
Finding out
Its only sound
Once I heard the handle
Its part strong out the tangos
The gentle, gentle shift
Sent toward him tender drift
And on the worst day of his life
Hed still love more things than I like
Taping melodies of times
In his mind
In his mind
Plans are real
Ploughing out
Across the fields
Holding court
For miles around
Finding out
Its only sound"
"1387" "Grow your hair longer
It's easy to in summer
When the days fold under
If it pours in the daytime
We'll have to stay indoors
I'll milk the time you sat with me
What I hoped for most
Was to be his greatest host
He'd make my hands his home
The man I wanted
Where is the pain?, I weeped
How does the opposite feel?
Well you will never show me"
"1388" "When I saw you die the death
Whilst beating animal
I ran to approach the poachers' nest
To strip them of their epaulet
You really are the maddest beast
I've ever seen before
Three hundred pounds wrapped in my cave
We going to an island
I packed you up with trophy bones
And bridged you on the peak
We stayed to watch the ships come in
And drank to when the chase felt good
I really could not leave him there
They put him through the mill
I rode back home to tell my friends
The moon it makes the wine taste sweet"
"1389" ""
"1390" ""
"1391" ""
"1392" ""
"1393" ""
"1394" ""
"1395" ""
"1396" ""
"1397" ""
"1398" ""
"1399" ""
"1400" ""
"1401" ""
"1402" ""
"1403" ""
"1404" ""
"1405" ""
"1406" ""
"1407" ""
"1408" ""
"1409" "A great man had a dream
Ending in a murder scene
And I'm not such a man
Never been so brave or grand
But little one
I had a dream
About a nation that became...
A dazzling sky
The heroes of youth
A burning ache
Resurrecting Truth
My dreamy one
I had a dream
About a nation that became...
A guiding hand
Wipes the greed away
A whistle blown
Digs corruption's grave
My dreamy one
I had a dream
About a nation that became...
A jasmine wind
Turns the air so sweet
A cleansing spring
Washes stained elites
Oh, little one
I had a dream
About a nation that became...
A brilliant star
'Bove a poor man's house
A treasure chest
Let the magic out
My dreamy one
I had a dream
Oh, dreamy one, Oh, dreamy one
I had a dream...
This shadow of a man
Had a dream he can't forget
A shadow with a dream
A nation changed, a nation blessed
And let us sing...
Lux et Veritas... Victoria
Let's make our dreams come true
Lux et Veritas... Victoria
And the dream begins with you
My dreamy one
I had a dream
A nation changed
A nation blessed"
"1410" "If I could divide the smell of flowers
Id send some to the falsely charged
Locked in prison cells
Send some to the lonely seniors
Trapped in apartment hells
Send some to the weary miners
Sweating beneath the ground
Send some to the invisible people
Hauling our garbage round
Some answers in life are so easy
Like zero plus zero is none
But how do we divide the smell of flowers
So their fragrance is shared by everyone?
If I could divide the smell of flowers
Id pass some to the frightened animals
Caged against their wills
Pass some to the dying birds
Choking on oil spills
Pass some to the angry kids
Sniffing up airplane glue
Pass some to the crying widow
Missing the Love she knew
Some answers in life are so easy
Like zero plus zero is none
But how do we divide the smell of flowers
So their fragance is shared by everyone?
If I could divide the smell of flowers
Then youd always have your share
If I could divide the smell of flowers
Thered be sweetness around you
Everywhere...."
"1411" "Where are my buds from yesterday?
Men who raised me up when I was down
Mates who kept their faith in me
Guys who always handed me the crown
Where are my old confidants?
Men who taught me all about life
Warriors who beat the drums
When we would fight the fight
My lover can bathe me in her naked tender core
Provide a warm place in which to hide
But when its time for war
Time for blood
I need my soldiers by my side
My lover can soothe me in her deep warm soul
Perfume away all my misery
But when its time to roll
Time for guns
I need my soldiers backing me
Victories dont feel so good
Losses seem more intense
Early mornings feel the worst
When I really miss my old friends
Where are my old confidants?
Men who taught me all about life
Warriors who beat the drums
When we would fight the fight
Maurice and John
Where have you gone?
David and Bill
Go take the hill
Oh, Michael and Saul
I miss you all
Jimmy and Jack
Please come on back"
"1412" "Dont send me more
Of your tragic poems
My dear
Covered in blood
Of your monthly flood
Of tears
Dont send me more
Of your angry poems
My dear
Carved with the knife
Of your molten spite
And fears
Im just a peddler
With a cart
Bringing discount words
To hearts
Broken hearts across the land
Woman left without her man
Broken hearts throughout the world
Anguished boy and crying girl
Your poetrys too heavy, dear
For me to read, for me to bear
Your poetrys too heavy, dear
For me to get from here to there
Dont send me more
Of your bitter poems
My sweet
Forged in the fire
Of your endless ire
And grief
Dont send me more
Of your hopeless poems
My sweet
Ripped from the womb
Of the lonely room
You keep
Im just a peddler
With a cart
Bringing discount words
To hearts
Broken hearts across the land
Woman left without her man
Broken hearts throughout the world
Anguished boy and crying girl
Your poetrys too heavy, dear
For me to read, for me to bear
Your poetrys too heavy, dear
For me to get from here to there
(You see that shadow on the road
Trudging neath its heavy load
A heart weighed down by sands of time
And your poems only make him cry
And he wont add them to the pile
So he can walk another mile)
(And he wont add them
To the pile
So he can walk
Another mile)
Too heavy, dear
Too heavy, dear
For me to read
For me to bear
(They make him sad
Make him cry
Beat him down
Deep inside)
Too heavy, dear
Too heavy, dear
For me to read
For me to bear
They make me sad
Make me cry
Feel as though
I want to die
(And he wont add them
To the pile
So he can walk
Another mile)
Too heavy, dear
Too heavy, dear
For me to read
For me to bear
(A heart weighed down
By sands of time
And your poems
Only make him cry)
Too heavy, dear
Too heavy, dear
For me to read
For me to bear"
"1413" "As cold as ice
Wrapped round your brain
And darkness unfolds
Youre breathing in pain
Its been freezing here
In this Land of Shattered Dreams
Its been freezing here
This corrupted winter stings
Its been freezing here
(O est la Lavande?)
Your body cant stay warm
(O est la Lavande?)
Its been freezing here
(O est la Lavande?)
This cruel and criminal storm
(O est la Lavande?)
But dont give up
Dont despair
Taste the hope
Floating through the air
When the lavender returns
Itll warm your frozen bones
Vivid violet clothes
In their candy overtones
When the lavender returns
Itll race across the land
Rebel flower grows
In the palm of your free hand
If you look out your window
The grounds parched and bare
If you call for your lover
Shes no longer there
If you ponder your life
Well, it feels like a wreck
And your failures are scars
You can never forget
As leaves turn brown
Sky fades to grey
Youre feeling the drought
The end of the day
Its been lonely here
In this World of Fallen Souls
Its been lonely here
With nowhere left to go
But dont give up
Dont despair
Taste the hope
Floating through the air
When the lavender returns
Itll warm your frozen bones
Vivid violet clothes
In their candy overtones
When the lavender returns
(O est la Lavande?)
Itll race across the land
(O est la Lavande?)
Rebel flower grows
(O est la Lavande?)
In the palm of your free hand
(O est la Lavande?)
When the lavender returns
(O est la Lavande?)
Itll warm your frozen bones
(O est la Lavande?)
Vivid violet clothes
(O est la Lavande?)
In their candy overtones
(O est la Lavande?)"
"1414" "In dreams I appear and take her
Down a path she dares not wander
In a town beset by plunder
I shake her blood and bone
In dreams she asks my guidance
How to live in holy silence
Beyond the anger of her father
Enrich her mind and soul
Hold me inside all the night
Your leaders your baby
Hold me inside all the night
Your teacher loves you crazy
In dreams she feels me beside her
As I stoke her female fire
In a world that feels so lonely
I fill her need and hope
In dreams I appear and take her
On wings of heavens power
Beyond tears that stain her pillow
She takes my love and poem.
Hold me inside all the night
Your leaders your baby
Hold me inside all the night
Your teacher loves you crazy
Hold me"
"1415" "I reach for you, in a bed gone dark
I feel for you, in the empty air
I reach for you, in dreams so scared
I can't believe, that youre not there
I ache for you, four seasons love
I reach for you, for one last dance
I ache for you, for times gone by
I serenade, your ghost in France
You promised
Never leave me in the dark
You'd come visit from afar
Promised if I needed you
Search the endless sky
You'd send me a key to the stars
A golden glow blazing all around Jupiter
Its going to illuminate the night
The kind of light you once shone all over me
In the blackness of a lost, lonely life
I long for you, in lava storms
I hear you laugh, in an opal smile
I long for you, in rain-soaked shacks
Be close to me, in a private isle
You promised
Never leave me in the dark
You'd come visit from afar
Promised if I needed you
Search the endless sky
You'd send me a key to the stars
A golden glow blazing all around Jupiter
Its going to illuminate the night
The kind of light you once shone all over me
In the blackness of a lost, lonely life
Got nowhere to go
Nobody waits for me
Going to spend my nights searching Heaven
Until you visit me
I wait for you
I search for you
I dream of you
I reach for you
I feel for you
I ache for you
Lady, lady, lady, youre my key to the stars"
"1416" "Genevive...
Ma rivire
Mon mystre
Mon rve
Mon amour
Je baigne dans ta rivire
Noy vivant dans ton mystre
Rincarn par nos baisers
Aah, taimer pour l'ternit
Genevive, baby, Genevive
Dans mon coeur, dans mes rves
Aah, Je t'adore"
"1417" "I cant stand to fly
Im not that naive
Im just out to find
The better part of me
Im more than a bird
More than a plane
Im more than some weary face beside a train
And its not easy to be me
Wish that I could cry
Fall upon my knees
Find a way to lie
'Bout a home Ill never see
It may sound absurd
But dont be naive
Even heroes have the right to bleed
I may be disturbed
But wont you concede
Even heroes have the right to dream
And its not easy to be me
Up up and away
Away, away from me
Well, well its all right
You can all sleep sound tonight
Im not crazy or anything
I cant stand to fly
Im not that naive
Men werent meant to ride
With clouds between their knees
Im only a man in a funny red sheet
Only a man in a funny red sheet
Looking for special things inside of me
Special things inside of me
Im only a man in a funny red sheet
Im only a man
Looking for his lost dream
I'm only a man
Trying to help those in need
I'm only a man
Looking for his lost dream
And its not easy to be me"
"1418" "You knew me when I built monsters
Before the days when you bled
You knew me when I surrendered
To the nightmares in my head
You were just a child
Nothing's ever changed
I see the child in you
Like some eternal flame
Come take my hand
Share my lonely dinner
Tell me if you think
I'm a poet or sinner
Poet or sinner
Tell me what I am
Poet or sinner
Be the angel who can
Raise the dead
While marshmallow dreams
Drown in the tide
Change my world
With the taste of ruin
Flowing from my eyes
Turn back time
Soaked in the bubbles
Of our reckless lives
Poet or sinner?
Don't know what I am
You knew me when I fought demons
In your tangled hair
You knew me when I marked you
With my stain of despair
You were just a child
Nothing's ever changed
I see the child in you
Like some eternal flame
All I know
I'll love you in shadows
'Til the sun disappears
All I know
I'll love you in shadows
'Till His light reappears
Poet or sinner?
Don't know what I am"
"1419" "I want to hold the hand inside you
I want to take a breath that's true
I look to you and I see nothing
I look to you to see the truth
You live your life
You go in shadows
You'll come apart and you'll go blind
Some kind of light into your darkness
Colors your eyes with what's not there.
Fade into you
Strange you never knew
Fade into you
I think it's strange you never knew
A stranger's light comes on slowly
A stranger's heart without a home
You put your hands into your head
And then smiles cover your heart
Fade into you
Strange you never knew
Fade into you
I think it's strange you never knew
Cannot breathe
Without you
Cannot see
Without you
You're my light
I need you
You're my Truth
I need you
You're my heart
I need you
I'm just a shadow
Without you
Love
I love you."
"1420" "On a brutal winter night
We stood bravely side by side
Against snowballs launched our way
By the enemies of our kind
In a graveyards mourning light
We both choked up, cried and cried
As the angels lifted him
On Deaths gloomy wings of flight
And you declared me dead, my brother
For the crime of being me
For all the faults I have
Well, I still cannot believe
That you declared me dead, my brother
For the crime of being me
For all the faults I have
Well, I still cannot believe
And my only wish for you, my brother
Is someday youll understand
How it feels to be a corpse
Walking amongst your fellow man
In the haze of our carefree youth
We both wildly joked and joked
About wicked ironies
Of the enemies of Truth
Beside a pool so crystal blue
Really both had hoped
That good luck would fill our lives
In everything we would pursue
But you declared me dead, my brother
For the crime of being me
For all the faults I have
Well, I still cannot believe
That you declared me dead, my brother
For the crime of being me
For all the faults I have
Well, I still cannot believe
And my only wish for you, my brother
Is someday you ll understand
How it feels to be a corpse
Walking amongst your fellow man
And yet the pain has made me strong
I forgive you, youre my brother"
"1421" "How do I thank
The voice in the night?
Call of hope
After the world turned dark
How do I thank
The voice in the night?
Healing words
Made from
Angel heart
Oh, her chocolate whisper
Warm convincing breeze
Oh, her breathy laughter
In the shadow of my need
Dont you hear the voice?
Save you from despair
Dont you hear the voice?
Sent by ghosts who care
Dont you hear the voice?
Rises like a prayer
Come to rescue you
From your earthly snare
How do I thank
The voice in the night?
Call of hope
Kissed my tears away
How do I thank
The voice in the night?
Now I dance
To a magic serenade
Dont you hear the voice?
Memories of home
Dont you hear the voice?
Pretty as a poem
Dont you hear the voice?
Vivifies your soul
Bathes you in a pool
Love youve never known
How do I thank
The voice in the night?
Call of hope
After the world turned dark
Voice inside the darkness
Gets into my head
Lady caller,
Take me, take me
To your bed
Voice inside the darkness
Gets into my head
Lady caller
Raise me, raise me
From the dead
Voice inside the darkness
Gets into my head"
"1422" "In a hot desert dream
She came to me
Blue eyed baby
Growling dangerously
Cream colored chocolate Siamese
Vegas Pussy doing as she please
Shes my Vegas Pussy
Doing as she please
Shes my Vegas Pussy
Baby, what a queen
Oh, Miss Priss, she sure does....
In a hot desert steam
She turned real mean
Dirty baby
Scratching angrily
Cream colored chocolate Siamese
Vegas Pussy doing as she please
Shes my Vegas Pussy
Doing as she please
Shes my Vegas Pussy
Baby, what a sleaze
Oh, Miss Priss, she sure does....
She's my furry pussy
Gonna love my furry Pussy
Gonna love her when she's
Wailing and bad
She's my Vegas Pussy
Gonna love my Vegas Pussy
She's the wildest puss
I ever had
Oh, Miss Priss, she sure does kiss"
"1423" "Father, you believed
Never let me bleed
Helped me in my grief
Helped me in my need
Never let me down
Wish you were around
Walking through this town
Youre nowhere to be found
Dad, I love you so
Father you believed
Never let me bleed
Always took my side
Always saved my life
Walking through this town
Youre nowhere to be found
Dad I love you so
All your life
You gave more than you got
All your life
You tried to give me what
You never had
When you were growing up
All your life
I never showed you enough
Love
God keep him warm
When the winds blow
Dad I love you so
Dad"
"1424" "Baby, Ive spent my whole life
Chasing all the wrong things
But now I know what really matters
Now I know what it all means
Theres no house so grand I need to own
No car so cool I need to use
No party so hot I must attend
Nothing matters more than you
Theres no club so private I need to join
No woman so sexy I need to do
No object so shiny I really need
Nothing matters more than you
So darling, come dine with me
Round our cardboard table
Seated upon white egg crates
Eating off of pizza box plates
Drinking the cheapest wine we can find
And
Lets toast to the happiest days of our lives
Theres no suit so stylish I need to wear
No yacht so fancy I need to cruise
No golf course so green I have to play
Nothing matters more than you
Theres no painting so pretty I need to hang
No meal so rich I must consume
No gift so rare I must possess
Nothing matters more than you
So darling, come dine with me
Round our cardboard table
Seated upon white egg crates
Eating off of pizza box plates
Drinking the cheapest wine we can find
And
Lets toast to the happiest days of our lives
Baby, Its only a cheap piano but it plays so sweet
Only a beaten piano making our lives less bleak"
"1425" "There was a boy
Playing on a swing
Deep in love with life
Loving everything
And he'd speak to God
When all alone
Making deals with God
'Bout his dreams and hopes
When the night would fall
And he'd lie in bed
Listening to the tunes
Playing in his head
And the boy made a wish
Prayed to God up high
\"Let me write a song
Makes the whole world cry
Let me write a song
So tender, sad, and sweet
The kind of song
Drops men to their knees\"
Nowhere near a man
He didn't understand.....
That to write a song
Makes the whole world cry
Have to hold the hand
Of a friend who dies
Hear your brother curse your name
Watch your mother fade away
While crooks steal your gold
Suffer years being alone
Nowhere near a man
He didn't understand....
That to write a song
Makes the whole world cry
Have to fall in love
Then be denied
Meet hopeless kids
Raised in cruel neglect
Hear animals scream
Tortured half to death
There was a Boy
Prayed to God up high
\"Let me write a song
Makes the whole world cry
Let me write a song
Tender, sad, and sweet
The kind of song
Drops men to their knees\"
If I could reach that boy
Before it gets too late
Warn him there are wishes
You should never make
But that boy was me
And it's far too late
Wrote this song in tears
Wrote this song in pain
And now I'm a man
And now I understand
So torn up inside
Just want to cry
I want to cry...cry...cry
Oh, God, I want to cry
I want to cry"
"1426" "Met a young man on the road
Who looked me in the eye so cold
Told me I was way too old
To write songs
In the USA
Met a young man full of hate
Who called me grandpa to my face
Said I never could relate
To young kids
In the USA
And he asked....
Why did you wait so long
To sit down and write a song?
And he said......
Grandpa, you waited too long
Its too late to write your songs
Twenty years ago
Never had the heart
Never had the sight
Twenty years ago
Never had the smarts
Never saw the light
Twenty years ago
Never felt the pain
Never felt the awe
Twenty years ago
Never felt my shame
Never knew my flaws
Theres nothing I can write today
I could have written way back then
Nothing I can write today
Could be written with a younger pen
And I ask....
Baby , am I too late?
Tell me baby, Tell me now
Baby, writing songs is all I've ever wanted to do"
"1427" "Rose hips lady
Your field is ripe
Bury my torn body
In that rain-soaked night
Taste those sweet confessions
On your baby breath
Lift this wounded flag
Into your burning nest
Oh, yes, I will
I will
Rose hips lady
Your field is ripe
Bury my torn body
In that rain-soaked night
Tame the roaring tiger
Never lets you rest
Take my last reward
From your moonlit breasts
Oh, yes, I will
I will
Daddys gone hunting
Hes gone away
Daddys gone hunting
Wont be back for days
Left you with a lover
Makes a shrine
Of your skin
Left you with a lover
Takes you down
Roads of sin
Left you all alone
Alone
And the knots cut deep
Through the musk and flesh
Of hot regret
And the love you need
Its a shadow
Never lets you rest
You release the Beast
From a well thats wet
You will confess
That the love you need
Its a shadow
Never lets you rest
Rose hips lady
Aaaaaah......"
"1428" "I was born pale and invisible
In a world
Sees everything
Everything, everything.but me
Invisible to your touch
And doubt youll like me very much
Am I alive?
Was I ever me?
Im a non-existent cipher
A pointless empty zero
Never added up to anything
A non-existent cipher
Pointless empty zero
Tell me.what does it all mean?
And now I think I want you
Ethereal body
Oblivious mask
And now I think I love you
Intelligent lips
Painted in black
But no need to look my way
Or give me the time of day
Cant be with you
In this world
Invisible man
Never gets the girl
Oh, no...
Ill find where you are
And watch from afar
You will be felt by me
Ill find where you are
And watch from afar
You will be loved by me
Your
Zero
Tonight
Your
Zero
For life
Your zero
The day I die
Your zero.your zero
Zero"
"1429" "I couldnt find myself
Became bitter and mean
Couldnt live with myself
Gave up all of my dreams
All my dreams
I had to let you go
Or take you down with me
I had to let you go
You deserve everything
Everything
Oh, I love you so
And you....youll never know
Soulmates born together
The very best of friends
We were lovers on a distant planet
Well be lovers once again
Lovers after the twilight ends
And I wish you the best
A love thats truly blessed
And I cheer you on
Youre my favorite song
My eternal swan
Oh, I love you so
And you...youll never know
Soulmates born together
The very best of friends
We were lovers on a distant planet
Well be lovers once again
Lovers after the twilight ends
And when our lives are through
Bury me next to you
Well be lovers again
Lovers again
Again and again and again and again
Lovers after the twilight ends
Well be lovers again"
"1430" "The thieves on the Wall
Are telling their lies
The puppets they pull
Collecting their bribes
Pimps in the Valley
Drown you in slime
The video idiots
Corrupted your mind
Far past time
Blow away the smoke
Smash all the mirrors
End this sick joke
Nation of equals
What a cruel hoax
Can't you see?
Don't you know?
Your neighbor is hungry
And rolling in pain
In a land of excess
Don't you feel so ashamed?
I feel so ashamed
God, I feel so ashamed
Yes, I'm ashamed
Ashamed
The boys at The Bank
Injected more funds
Billionaires dance
The poor feast on crumbs
Volunteer lady
Works overtime
The needy keep coming
She's losing her mind
Can't you see?
Don't you know?
Your neighbor is hungry
And rolling in pain
In a land of excess
Don't you feel so ashamed?
I feel so ashamed
God, I feel so ashamed
Yes, I'm ashamed
Ashamed
The video idiots corrupted your mind"
"1431" "I have an evil lover
Torments me with her sting
Fierce Canadian winter
Wearing boots made in Beijing
Bathes me in her blood
Leaves wounds across my face
Traps me in her heart
Feels like ice
Inside her lake
She's my Hallelujah
My Hallelujah
In our Land of
Na Na Na Na
And no man
Could forget
The darkness in her eyes
No man could resist
The perfume of her mind
Build a pagan temple
From her naked holy skin
Live inside her spider
By the gods
Who dwell within
I have an evil lover
Rides my aching soul
Blocks the sun
From shining
In the desert
Where I grow
Wraps me in her scent
Stupefies my brain
Turns my nights
To hunger
For the feast that
She became
She's my Hallelujah
My Hallelujah
In our Land of
Na Na Na Na
She's my love
My tragic flaw
In our Land of
Na Na Na Na
My tragic flaw
Hallelujah"
"1432" "This song is for my mother
Let her hear me cry
I couldnt bring myself to write it
Til this darkened day arrived
A song about old promises
Made so long ago
Created and cremated
Ashes of the words I spoke
Long separated by the miles
Distanced from her golden smiles
Memory of a mother
Shared my dreams and really cared
Long separated by the miles
Distanced from her golden smiles
Mama
I know I wasnt there...
For you
Would have placed
A magic carpet
neath your weak and shaky legs
Would have raised
A strong west wind
Let you breathe with ease again
Would have bribed
Gods venal angels
Come and soothe your endless pain
Would have vanquished
All the demons
And bring peace to you again
Be the child
I never knew
In a land
We wont grow old
Be the light
I always loved
Warmed my dark
And lonely soul
Be the girl
Playing games
In a world
The sun wont set
Be the laughter
Calms my heart
I never will forget
I wont forget, wont forget
This song is for my mother
Let her hear me cry
Couldnt bring myself to write it
Til this darkened day arrived
Song about old promises
Made so long ago
Created.cremated
Ashes of the words I spoke
I broke my promises, oh mama
Now youve gone away
Im broken
Drowning in the pain each day
Im drowningdrowning...drowningdrowning
This song is for my mother
Let her hear me"
"1433" "One night
We spoke of God
In a cloud of high blue smoke
At the first midnight stroke
One night
We spoke of God
Atop a steep quiet hill
We pondered our free will
One night
We spoke of God
Under tarry blackened sky
We wondered why
Why, oh, Why, oh, Why?
There are people in our lives
Who cause us pain
From whom we cannot flee
There are people in this world
Who would bring us sweet love
We can never hope to meet
One night
We spoke of God
Asking questions very strange
Is it all pre-arranged?
One night
We spoke of God
Under tarry blackened sky
We wondered why
Why, oh, Why, oh, Why?
We spoke of God
Got high on God
Cried About God
Tried to find God
We spoke of God
Got whacked on God
Mad about God
Sad about God
We spoke of God
Got crazed on God
Estranged from God
Afraid of God
God!"
"1434" "Now you can live forever
A one-eyed cat
Walks along a wall
Now you can live forever
Looks ahead
And sees it all
Now you can live forever
Bless the moon
That guides my way
Now you can live forever
And leads green lizards
To their grave
Now you can live forever
In air so hot
I can hardly breathe
Now you can live forever
Escaped my past
And found my peace
Now you can live forever
In dark deep caves
Where snakes grow big
Now you can live forever
That's where I learned
How I want to live
Now you can live forever
How I want to live
I'm alive"
"1435" "Used to say
Life is love
Love will cure
Tears in blood
I know love
Very well
Awesome joy
Godless hell
Time taught me
How Love sounds
Cant describe
There are no nouns
Loves a shicket wanna doopoo
Loves a furter gobba looloo
When you kiss me onna kookoo
Makes me nokka fokka booyoo
Loves a bona inna sheemee
Loves a baylay ronna weenee
When you hold my ugga keekee
Gets me bodda hodda deekee
These are the sounds of love
Used to say
Baby love
Kissing you
Is my drug
I know love
Very well
Awesome joy
Godless hell
Time taught me
How Love sounds
Cant describe
There are no nouns
Loves a shicket wanna doopoo
Loves a furter gobba looloo
When you kiss me onna kookoo
Makes me nokka fokka booyoo
Loves a bona inna sheemee
Loves a baylay ronna weenee
When you hold my ugga keekee
Gets me bodda hodda deekee"
"1436" "In the 21st Century, ALL major wars will be water wars......
Water is blood
Dry red blood
On the lips of wild dogs
In the night
Suck the wounds of dead men
Thirst for life
Water is blood
Dont let them steal our precious blood
Water is blood
A water elite is emerging: water for those who can afford it, NOT those who need it.....
Greedy dogs
Buying up our water rights
Fight them off
Before the nation begs for
One last drop
Water is blood
Dont let them steal our precious blood
Water is blood
Water use is growing at twice the rate of population growth......
Tattooed flesh
Shrivels in the coming drought
Wet pierced tongues
Sandy paper when the
Partys done
Water is blood
Dont let them steal our precious blood
Water is blood
By 2025, two thirds of the world will be living in conditions of severe water shortage...
Games must end
Another city going dry
Scream in rage
Or be around to watch the
Empire cave
Water is blood
Dont let them steal our precious blood
Water is blood
Scream in rage
Fight them off
Before the nation begs for
One last drop
Thirst for life"
"1437" "I've chased so many dreams
Watched them fall apart
I'm just a dreamer
Stumbling through the dark
And you held me through the night
Revived my broken soul
And you forgave me
You raised me with your hope
Climb aboard my dream, oh baby
One more time
As long as you stay mine
It may be a trip to nowhere
But that's OK
Climb aboard my dream, oh baby
One more time
As long as you stay mine
And we danced beneath the rain
You kissed away the pain
My baby dreamer
Let's dream our lives away
And I love you, love you, babe
Love you, love you, babe
My baby dreamer
Let's dream our lives away
And we danced beneath the rain"
"1438" "In Life, there are NO guarantees
NO guarantees at all
Just ask the Tsunami victims who awoke in a flood...
And ask yourself.....
Where will you be, when you wake up?
Will you be alone, when you wake up?
Will you be hurt, when you wake up?
Will you be pretty, when you wake up?
When you wake up
WAKE UP!!!!!!!
Tomorrows Not Always Like Today
And if you want it to be OK
Got to do your share to end the pain
Just ask the Tsunami victims who awoke in a flood...
And ask yourself....
Where will you be, when you wake up?
Will you be freezing, when you wake up?
Will you be starving, when you wake up?
Will you be you, when you wake up?
When you wake up
WAKE UP!!!!!!!!
Tomorrows Not Always Like Today
And if you want it to be OK
Got to do your share to end the pain
WAKE UP!!!!!!!!"
"1439" "Knew a man, a captain of industry
Who built his house on pain and human misery
Had a wife who ran in High Society
Had several kids living lives oh so thoughtlessly
And you will never see a house so bloody pretty
Decked with tapestries in every single hall
And you will never see a house so bloody stunning
Made for the man who surely has it all
But take a closer look and you will find
His massive gold gates are made from tears
His investors lost their homes and everything
Poor investors left with nothing but their fears
Knew a man, a captain of industry
Who built his house on pain and human misery
Elected to the Board of every single civic Symphony
Attended dinners thrown by every rubber chicken charity
And you will never see a house so bloody pretty
Decked with tapestries in every single hall
And you will never see a house so bloody stunning
Made for the man who surely has it all
But take a closer look and you will find
His driveways paved with bricks of mad despair
His investors lost their homes and everything
Poor investors left with nothing but a prayer
Knew a man, a captain of industry
Who built his house on pain and human misery
Died so rich, far beyond his wildest dream
Alone in his bed, nobody cared to grieve
Nobody gives a damn about the captain of industry
Nobdy gives a hoot about the captain of industry
Nobody gives a piss about the captain of industry
Nobody gives a fart about the captain of industry
Living on misery"
"1440" "There's a boy who's crying in sheer dread
I want to save him
From the gun that's pointed gainst his head
I want to save him
There's a girl who's shivering in the cold
I want to save her
From the knife pressed hard against her throat
I want to save her
I'll take a bullet from a gun
A knife wound in my chest
That's how I want to die
Just like a Catcher in the Rye
Bullet from a gun
Knife wound in my chest
That's how I want to die
Just like a Catcher in the Rye
Don't want to wither away
Feeling my body in decay
When my time comes
Let me go protecting God's little ones
Let me go quickly in Glory and Grace
There are kids who suffer everywhere
I want to save them
From the wounds that they can hardly bear
I want to save them
There's a boy who's crying in his sleep
I want to save them
From the angry man he could have been
I want to save them
I'll take a bullet from a gun
A knife wound in my chest
That's how I want to die
Just like a Catcher in the Rye
Bullet from a gun
Knife wound in my chest
That's how I want to die
Just like a Catcher in the Rye
How I want to die"
"1441" "Fluffle-O
Towel wrapped around your head
Fluffle-O
Stretched right across my bed
Fluffle-O, Fluffle-O
Marshmallow, Marshmallow
Time can leave us hurt
But never split our loving souls
Life can beat us down
Oh, baby, how our love still grows
Fluffle-O
Dreamy eyes that mesmerize
Fluffle-O
Heaven lies between your thighs
Fluffle-O, Fluffle-O
Where'd you go, Where'd you go?
Time can leave us hurt
But never split our loving souls
Life can beat us down
Oh, baby, how our love still grows
Fluffle-O, Fluffle-O
Marshmallow, Marshmallow
Fluffle-O, Fluffle-O
Where'd you go, Where'd you go?
You're my Fluffle-O
Baby Fluffle-O
Won't you be mine?"
"1442" "These are my confessions
Secrets of my mind
Everything that mattered
Truth I can not hide
Nothing but a shadow
Distant memory
What I was
What I am
What Im supposed to be
Forgive me, God, forgive me
For being so unkind
Impatientungrateful
Cynical and blind
To those who thought they knew me
And those who never did
To those who hear my songs
In the places where they live
I offer my confessions
Honest to the core
Offer my confessions
There wont be anymore
No more"
"1443" "When will you stop crying?
My beauty by the sea
Ill return to you, I promise
When Ive found my harmony
In a world of
Stolen favors
Where cold hearts seem to reign
Theres a place I love to go now
She helps me heal the pain
Vancouver, youre the only one for me
Vancouver, babe, I love your ocean breeze
Vancouver, youre the only one for me
Vancouver, my baby Beauty by the sea.
In a world of
Bitter choices
Where money rules the heart
Theres a place you find real people
She accepts you for who you are
In a world of
Disillusion
Where dreams turn to despair
Theres a place that keeps me hoping
Shes my castle in the air
Vancouver, youre the only one for me
Vancouver, babe, I love your ocean breeze
Vancouver, youre the only one for me
Vancouver, my baby Beauty by the sea."
"1444" "Theres a fury on the waves
A madness taking place
Fueled by the blood
Of weary wage slaves
And they taught us how to hate
In a hi tech kind of way
Made us meat puppets
For the wars they wage
In a playground, running round
In a playground, being clowns
Werent we once kids
Just kicking a ball?
Laughing bout everything
Nothing at all
In a playground, neath the sun
In a playground, having fun
Werent we once kids
Thought war is a game?
Fall over dead
And jump up again
(Hey, hey, what do you want to say?}
Dont want to lose my legs
In defense of larceny
The banksters stealing billions
From the national Treasury
Dont want to take a bullet
Left coughing up blood
For your right to a lap dance
At some faraway club
Dont want to suck my meals
Through a thin feeding tube
On behalf of profiteers
Dealing addicts their crude
Dont want to wheeze harshly
Hooked to a machine
In the service of ingrates
And all thats obscene
Dont want to suffer flashbacks
Those nightmarish screams
While billionaires lullaby
To private jet dreams
Nobodys tool, nobodys fool.
NO!!!!
In a world so long ago
In a world we used to know
Werent we once kids?
Who sang funny songs
No thoughts of torture
Phosphorous bombs
In a world so long ago
In a world we used to know
Werent we once kids?
Who rode on our bikes
Vampires scared us
Not nuclear strikes
(Hey, hey, what do you want to say?)
Theres a fury on the waves
A madness taking place
Fueled by the blood
Of weary wage slaves
Theres a world of growing horror
Where a playground stood before
And it s time to stop
This lunatic war
Theres a world of growing horror
Where a playground stood before
And its time to stop
This murderous war
Theres a world of growing horror
Where a playground stood before
And Its time to stop
This sickening war
Theres a world of growing horror
Where a playground stood before
And its time to stop
This bloody awful war
Lets bring back our playground
Stop this war
Lets restore our playground
Stop this war
Yes, its time
(yes its time)
Time to STOP THIS WAR!"
"1445" "These were my confessions
(A message to God)
The light begins to fade
(Its time to go)
Back into the shadows
(That hard black fog)
Where darkness has its way
(God rest your soul)
Nothing left to tell you
(Its all been said)
No more songs to write
(This silent Fall)
Nothing left to offer
(The wells been bled)
From a shadows waning life
(Who lost it all)
Take my words and hold them
(Dont be afraid)
Place them near your heart
(And heal your pain)
Shadow words will kiss you
(And heal your pain)
When your world turns dark
(Dont be afraid)
And I kiss you
Kiss you
I kiss you in the dark.."
"1446" "Lift the wailing wood
Hammer the tortured nails
Place the ghostly steps
Below the battered rails
Invite those crazy strangers
Dressed in stranger clothes
Join the mighty miracle
Ready to unfold
Building a stairway
In the desert
Aimed toward the pure and honest sky
Building a stairway
In the desert
Going to rise for miles
And miles
Leave this evil town
Where scorpions share your bed
Guilty snakes make a home
Deep inside your head
The bleeding sun
Burns your feet
Hangmen joke
Beggars weep
Buried bodies
Cry for help
Undertakers
Steal your wealth
Building a stairway
In the desert
Aimed toward the pure and honest sky
Building a stairway
In the desert
Going to rise for miles
And miles
Were laughing and
Were dancing
In the desert
Dancing in the desert
Of our lives
Cant you see?
Were dancing in the desert
Dancing in the desert
Of our lives
Feel so free
Dancing in the desert
Dancing in the desert
Of our lives
Free.so free
In the desert
Dancing in the desert
Of our lives
Lift the wailing wood
Hammer the tortured nails"
"1447" "Doesnt dress like Generation Y
Doesnt rap like Generation Z
With his air of experience
Young girls call him...Mr. Daddy
Pierce him with your love, baby
Tattoo him with your heart
Show him how to feel young again
Give him back his spark
Could have wrapped you in diapers, girl
Powdered your sweet smooth ass
Pushed you on a swing
Watched you somersault on the grass
Pierce him with your love, baby
Tattoo him with your heart
Show him how to feel young again
Give him back his spark
When you danced at your school prom
Just starting out in life
Mr. Daddy paid support
To his very first ex-wife
Pierce him with your love, baby
Tattoo him with your heart
Show him how to feel young again
Give him back his spark
Nothing like the smell of a sweet flower bud
Nothing like the taste of a baby in love
Nothing like the touch of a young angels face
Baby, take him back to an innocent place...YEAH...
So pierce him with your love, baby
Tattoo him with your heart
Show him how to feel young again
Give him back his spark
Youre dancing with Mr. Daddy
Youre rapping with Mr. Daddy
Youre slamming with Mr. Daddy
Hip-hopping with Mr. Daddy
Youre busting with Mr. Daddy
Dancing
Rapping
Slamming
Hip-Hopping
Busting
Yeah"
"1448" "I once knew this angel
Who lived in the desert
And late at night
When the moon was full
Wed lay together
In a pool of water
Look up at the sky
And our hearts would soar
As we imagined a world
Where dreams come true
Free of cruel people
Who divide us
I don't know
If I'll ever see that world
But I still look up at the sky
And never stop...
Wishin' on a star
To follow where you are
Wishing on a dream
To follow what it means
Wishing on all rainbows
That I see
Wishing on all people
Who really dream
I never thought I'd see
A time when you would be
So far away from home
So far away from me
Just think of all the moments
That we've spent
I just can't let you go from me
Oh, yes, we were meant to be
I feel it's time we should make up baby
I feel it's time for us to get back together
Make the best of things, Oh baby
When were together
Whether or never
And I didn't mean to hurt you
Oh, but I know
That in the game of love
You reap what you sow
Wishin' on a star
I'm wishing on a star
I once knew this angel
Who lived in the desert
And late at night
When the moon was full..."
"1449" "Father, you believed
Never let me bleed
Helped me in my grief
Helped me in my need
Never let me down
Wish you were around
Walking through this town
Youre nowhere to be found
Dad, I love you so
Father you believed
Never let me bleed
Always took my side
Always saved my life
Walking through this town
Youre nowhere to be found
Dad I love you so
All your life
You gave more than you got
All your life
You tried to give me what
You never had
When you were growing up
All your life
I never showed you enough
Love
God keep him warm
When the winds blow
Dad I love you so
Dad"
"1450" "Heaven in my mind
Heaven in my...
If theres a God
Theres a playground in Heaven
Where lovers Ive loved
Co-exist in bliss
If theres a God
Theres a playground in Heaven
Where lovers Ive loved
Romp nude and so lewd
And theyre waiting for me to arrive
And theyll smother me with love
And theyll take turns giving me
Hot pleasures from Heaven above
And theyre waiting for me to arrive
And theyll kiss me all night long
And theyll take turns bathing me
In redhead, brunette, and blonde
If theres a God
Theres a playground in Heaven
Where lovers Ive loved
Cure stress with my breasts
If theres a God
Theres a playground in Heaven
Where lovers Ive loved
Will share me there
And theyre waiting for me to arrive
And theyll smother me with love
And theyll take turns giving me
Hot pleasures from Heaven above
And theyre waiting for me to arrive
And theyll kiss me all night long
And theyll take turns bathing me
In redhead, brunette, and blonde
Its heaven in my mind
Heaven in my line
Heaven in my mind
Heaven in my....
Heaven, heaven
Heaven in my line"
"1451" "Lets go climb
And move back time
To that mysterious hill
Where a boy first met his girl
Long before
The cynics arrived
Before the laughter died
And God returned the day to night
Where dazzling fireworks
Rained sparkles
On our lives
Two strange birds
Came together
And opened up their eyes
Lets go climb
Well move back time
Fireworks Hill, Fireworks Hill
Far from my mind
Never forgotten
Fireworks Hill, Fireworks Hill
We became one there
So very often
And there are vivid colors
Blasting through the sky
Dancing rainbows
I really want to taste
There is weeping smoke
Painting all the stars
Burning graveyards
For the human race
Lets go climb
And move back time
To that mysterious hill
Where a boy first met his girl
Well race to the edge
Fulfill our pledge
It was written in blood
The heat of our love
Oh, jump, baby, jump
Well fly away together
Jump, baby, jump
Our bodies joined forever
Lets go climb
And move back time
To that mysterious hill
Where a boy first met his girl
Fireworks hill, fireworks hill
I see the sparkles in the air
Fireworks hill, fireworks hill
I smell the dazzle of your hair
Fireworks hill, Fireworks hill
We flew to Heaven over there
Lets go climb
Well move back time
(Foreverwith you)"
"1452" "There's no escape
From the pain
Here it comes again
Wearing my graveyard skin
As the night descends
But I'm not ready
No, I'm not ready
To go
No, not ready
To go
Roll me over
And raise my head
Lift my arms
Throw away my meds
One more ride
Round the park where we played
One last trip
To the lake where we bathed
Youth was an awkward time
Never got it right
Shadows captured my mind
So afraid of life
False idols led me astray
And my spirit waned
Routine made me its slave
In the tomb I made
And now I'm ready
Oh, now I'm ready
To aaaaaaaaahhhhh....
Take the dance
I refused you
That night
Fly to Greenland
And glide
On the ice
Sail the Kwai
Make love in Bangkok
Spend more time
In your heavenly spot
And now I'm ready
Oh, now I'm ready
To aaaaaaaaahhhhh....
It's late
But I'm ready
So late
But I'm ready
It's late
But I'm ready
To aaaaaaaaaahhhhh....
Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhh"
"1453" "Tired of talking
bout weather
Other trivial things
Tired of talking
bout food
The price of tangerines
You may outlive
This aging man
Before I go
Please understand
Never told you how
I love you
When I held you
In the dark
Never told you how
I love you
I was never
Very smart
I never told you how
I love you
When I kissed your
Baby face
Never told you how
I love you
And I pray its
Not too late
I would tell you,
Thats what men domanly men dont say, I love you
That was my alibi
But what men do should be corrected
What men do cant be accepted
If it makes your woman cry
Tired of talking
bout scandals
Rumors of the day
Tired of talking
bout old mistakes
Who deserves the blame?
The Winter of our lives
Is drawing near
Lets change it to Spring
From year to year
Now Im telling you
I love you
Though the words are coming late
Im telling you
I love you
And it feels so good to say
Ill love you in the morning
Love you through the night
I will love you through the tears
And all the tragedies of life
Ill stay with you forever
Love you every day
Love you, love you, love you
It feels so good to say
Love you, love you, love you, baby
Feels so good to say..
Love"
"1454" "The Bed
Your Mouth
My Touch
Our Lips
Its a fever
In the night
Forbidden
Forbidden
Desecrated and damned together
Desecrated and damned forever
One naked flesh, well die together
One naked flesh, making love forever
The Flame
Your Cries
My Salt
Our Wounds
Its a fever
In the night
Forbidden
Forbidden
Desecrated and damned together
Desecrated and damned forever
One naked flesh, well die together
One naked flesh, making love forever
The Earth
Your Rain
My Seed
Our Life
Its a fever
In the night
Forbidden
Forbidden.
Desecrated and damned together
Desecrated and damned forever
One naked flesh, well die together
One naked flesh, making love forever
Hell
Regrets
Confessions
Of Love
Your Love
My Love
Our Love
Love
Its a fever
In the night
Forbidden
Forbidden.
Desecrated and damned together
Desecrated and damned forever
One naked flesh, well die together
One naked flesh, making love forever"
"1455" "I dream
I dream about you
I'll never forget
The heartbeats we shared
And still haven't met
An angel who cares
Dream...dream
I dream
I dream about you
In poppy seed fields
And warm cypress nights
Your head on my chest
Everything felt alright
Dream...dream
I want to dream
You're my dream
Be my dream
Won't you be my dream?
Never let you go"
"1456" "America....
After 9/11, the country seemed reborn
Ready to shift from the shallow to the profound
What ever happened to the America that could have been?
What ever happened to the America we deserve?
Step into my church
And pray
For a nation growing dumber
Every day
What ever happened to the heros
That should have been?
(I want to know)
Whatever happened to the stars
That should have shone?
(I want to know)
After the towers came a-tumbling down.
Don't care what you bought at the store
Got no interest in who you score
Give me stories of men and women
Who make the wheels turn
Do things I need to learn
Could care less about your marble floors
Show the Rolls to your greedy whores
GIve me hearts of men and women
Who save peoples' lives
Do things we need to prize
What ever happened to America?
People across America Unite
Times are urgent, we need to fight
The country's infrastructure is in a plight
Get the word to the people about whassup
Get the word that enough is enough
Roads are in ruin
Schools facing doom
Hospitals getting harder to find
Firestations closing down all the time
Honest policemen fading away
Caring nurses walking away
Shout the word all across the hood
Let's praise the people doing good
What ever happened to America?
Wasting too many hours discussing Pam Anderson's rack
Wasting too much time wondering if Michael's still black
TV's filled with junk and stupidities
Our seed's learning wrong priorities
We need more nurses and more burn wards
Fewer actors collecting dumb awards
Basketball players earning more than enough pay
Our fighting soldiers deserve one big raise
Let's put more money back into the roads
Less money going into BS reality shows
Teachers and nurses, firemen and police
Ambulance drivers, keepers of the peace
Shout the word all across the hood
Let's praise the people doing good
What ever happened to the stars
That should have shone
After the towers came a-tumbling down?
You don't know
As you watch the Media talk
You're strangled beneath
Their glamorous fog
I take this time
To remind you
Of the rampant course
A Man unleashed upon the world
With vindictive force
You took the time to estrange
The body and brain
Illuminati reigns
While some hottie's bling blocks
The Tellie's current affairs
Gotta change
Applaud arrange
With vision upon visions
While visions incisions
Gone missing for days
As this daze stays
Our school system strays
Heroes paid minimum wage
As stars achieve critical claim
For individual aims
This country's spirit takes
A visible wane
What ever happened to America?"
"1457" "She called herself London
On that day
She fell from the sky
Child of apple blossoms
Dancing wildly
Into your mind
The snake that hung from her neck
Bites your hand
Expels you from Eden
Tears into the cool flesh
Of your madness
Posing as reason
London
Kisses you like a sweet lover
As though she really cares
Lets you
Taste the passionate orchard
In her bodys secret lair
London
Wrestles with all your demons
Nothing quite compares
To the pain
The indecent pleasure
In the waters that you share
Her name was London
Call her London
She called herself London
On that night
She prayed to the moon
Apollos lyre
Played darkly
In a portent
Of your own doom
The hell she hides
In her soul
Toxic drug youll never escape
You crave the milk of her touch
Her strange and dangerous ways
London
Kisses you like a sweet lover
As though she really cares
Lets you
Taste the passionate orchard
In her bodys secret lair
London
Wrestles with all your demons
Nothing quite compares
To the pain
The indecent pleasure
In the waters that you share
Her name was London
Call her London
My baby, London
Call her London
My moon-girl, London
Call her London
I love her, London
Call her London
Forever, London
I call her London"
"1458" "In this physical world
We go around once
Theres not enough time
Not enough months
To adore every heart
And know every mind
To adore every heart
And love mankind
Youre my white baby, black baby
Yellow baby too
Christ baby, Buddha baby
Mohammed and Jew
Yourre my straight baby, gay baby
Daughter and son
In a better world
Create a family of One
I want to have one big family
Babies of every color and creed
I want to feel what its like to be
The Father of all humanity
In a better world
Create a family of One
In this physical world
We go around once
Theres not enough time
Not enough months
To adore every heart
And know every mind
To adore every heart
And love mankind
Youre my white baby, black baby
Brown baby too
Christ baby, Buddha baby
Mohammed and Jew
Yourre my straight baby, gay baby
Daughter and son
In a better world
Create a family of One
I want to have one big family
Babies of every color and creed
I want to feel what its like to be
The Father of all humanity
In a better world
Create a family of One"
"1459" "Got my crazies by my side
Drunk on vodka cyanide
Setting fire to the night
Thats the way we live the life
Before we go our separate ways
Were gonna roar, were gonna rage
Never forget we were friends
Long after the party party party party ends
Were gonna stay friends
Long after the party party party party ends
And Ill be seeing you there
Fists pumping in the air
Gonna jump, were gonna swing
Gonna dance, were gonna sing
Before we go our separate ways
Were gonna roar, were gonna rage
Never forget we were friends
Long after the party party party party ends
Were gonna stay friends
Long after the party party party party ends
Theres a place where time stands still
Far from things that make me cry
And I would take you there tonight
So we could stay young all our lives
Youve been my friend when I was down
Ill miss you when youre not around
And I will think of you
In all the good Ive found
In every light, in every sound
And Ill be seeing you there
Fists pumping in the air
Gonna jump, were gonna swing
Gonna dance, were gonna sing
Before we go our separate ways
Were gonna roar, were gonna rage
Never forget we were friends
Long after the party party party party ends
Were gonna stay friends
Long after the party party party party ends
Got my crazies by my side
Drunk on vodka cyanide
Setting fire to the night
Thats the way we live the life
Before we go our separate ways
Were gonna roar, were gonna rage
Never forget we were friends
Long after the party party party party ends
Were gonna stay friends
Long after the party party party party ends"
"1460" "Bay Bay Babe Bay Bay Ba-Baby
I just can't get you out of my head
Girl your lovin' is all I think about
I just can't get you out of my head
Girl it's more than I dare to think about
Night and day
In your arms
Won't you stay
Forever
And ever and ever and ever
Bay Bay Babe Bay Bay Ba-Baby
I just can't get you out of my head
Girl your lovin' is all I think about
I just cant get you out of my head
Girl its more than I dare to think about
Locked in your heart
Deep in your heart
Set me free
Forever
And ever and ever and ever
Bay Bay Babe Bay Bay Ba-Baby
Forever and ever
I just can't get you out of my head
Oh, babe, your lovin' is all I think about
I just can't get you out of my head
it's more than I dare to think about
Baby, please, set me free
Without you, there is no me
Set me free"
"1461" "You grew up in a womb of need
Rich friends flew to Waikiki
Swept the floors
In high end stores
Selling cool pomposity
You wore clothes from remainder bins
Hotties danced in Gucci sins
To God, you swore
You'd make a score
Become the next financial prince
Golden Boy
It's far too late
The things you buy
Can't heal your pain
Golden Boy
It's far too late
Childhood stings
Never fade
All the toys in the world
Not going to soothe your wounds
All the toys in the world
Won't erase the gloom
Of the child who lacked
While others played
And watched in silent rage
Of the child who hurt
And felt ashamed
Crying inside his room
Tycoons lured you to their cave
Taught you how to cheat and rape
You walk the streets
All alone
Own a castle
Lost your home
Golden Boy, you've got to change
Golden Boy, you need to be saved
All the toys in the world
Let's put them in a pile
All the toys in the world
Let's set them all on fire
Burn, baby, burn
All the toys in the world"
"1462" "I miss your love, since you've been gone
I find it hard to go on
The summer sky don't even think
I thought I'd always be strong
I got a feeling inside
And it's making my heart cry, cause
I'm missing you
And it's making me blue, yeah
I'm missing you
what can I do
A Thousand miles away, from you
So here I am, and everything's new
I should be happy in love
But all I know, I look deep in my eyes
I've never felt so alone
And this feeling inside
It's making my heart cry, cause
I'm missing you
And it's making me blue, yeah
I'm missing you
But what can I do
Thousand miles away, from you
So what's the meaning of this
To be living like this
It ain't no fun at all
I wonder where are you now
(I wonder where are you now)
I miss your love since you been gone
I find it hard to go on
And this feeling inside
I just break down and cry
(cause)I'm missing you
And it's making me blue, yeah
I'm missing you
But what can I do
Thousand miles away, from you"
"1463" ""
"1464" "I wish you joy
I wish you fun
I wish you rainbows
In your sun
I wish you
I wish you sky
I wish you rivers
That never cry
But most of all
I wish you love
Most of all
I wish you love
I wish you clouds
I wish you light
I wish you sweet dreams
In your night
I wish you sea
I wish you sand
I wish you stardust
In your hand
But most of all
I wish you love
Most of all
I wish you love
I wish you peace
I wish you calm
I wish you fortune
In your palm
I wish you
I wish you flowed
No matter where you
You may go
But most of all
I wish you love
Most of all
I wish you love
Most of all
I wish you love
And most of all
I wish you love
Which I can say
So I can reach
You'll be a man one day
And you'll go your own way
Until then
I wish you all
That you require
I wish you everything
Your heart desires
I wish you young
I wish you bold
I wish you time
Down streets of gold
But most of all
I wish you love
Most of all
I wish you love
Most of all
I wish you love
And most of all
I wish you love
And most of all
I wish you love
And most of all
I wish you love"
"1465" ""
"1466" ""
"1467" "I wish you joy
I wish you fun
I wish you rainbows
In your sun
I wish you
I wish you sky
I wish you rivers
That never cry
But most of all
I wish you love
Most of all
I wish you love
I wish you clouds
I wish you light
I wish you sweet dreams
In your night
I wish you sea
I wish you sand
I wish you stardust
In your hand
But most of all
I wish you love
Most of all
I wish you love
I wish you peace
I wish you calm
I wish you fortune
In your palm
I wish you
I wish you flowed
No matter where you
You may go
But most of all
I wish you love
Most of all
I wish you love
Most of all
I wish you love
And most of all
I wish you love
Which I can say
So I can reach
You'll be a man one day
And you'll go your own way
Until then
I wish you all
That you require
I wish you everything
Your heart desires
I wish you young
I wish you bold
I wish you time
Down streets of gold
But most of all
I wish you love
Most of all
I wish you love
Most of all
I wish you love
And most of all
I wish you love
And most of all
I wish you love
And most of all
I wish you love"
"1468" ""
"1469" ""
"1470" ""
"1471" ""
"1472" ""
"1473" ""
"1474" "i didn't really feel it, until the feeling came back, and i don't really hate u, i just hate keeping track
i know they will trouble on me, where the water still flows, thats the savage that keeps calling cause he sees what i know,
suffering, me silentlly, cause down here, without you, my life still revolves around you, and i feel, the worlds crying,
the ghost is gone, but i am coming baaaack,
i have had my processes denied, i am more concrned for my head, you have put me just in the float, i let them hanging myself,
i have got my back to the wall, cause its strong and its good, but i know that something has happened that i never thought would
crushingly, so carefully, when,
down here, without you, my life still revolves around you,
and i feel,
the world cried, the ghost is gone,
but i am coming baaaack,
don't break me down, don't take me down
don't break me down, it's too late x4
crushingly, so carefuly
when down here, without you, my life still revolves aorund you
and i feel, the worlds crying, the ghost is gone, but i am coming,
down here, without you, my life still revolves around you
and i feel, the world cryied
the ghost is gone
but im coming baaaaaack
coming baaaack
coming back
don't break me down,
don't take me down,
don't break me down,
don't take me down,
don't break me down,
don't take me down,
don't break me down,
don't take me down,
it's too late x4"
"1475" ""
"1476" ""
"1477" ""
"1478" ""
"1479" ""
"1480" "It's OK
I'm just gonna clap my hands
It's OK
I just wanna fuck your friend
Somewhere there's a fly in the spiderweb
I feel like Pinocchio
Creating lies in the waiting room
But there's help on the way
Somewhere maybe over the rainbow
That's where all the vampires roam
Sucking the life out of baby boop
boo boo boobie do
It's OK
I'm just gonna clap my hands
It's OK
I just wanna fuck your friend
I don't care
It doesn't matter what you see
Anyway
You know it's in my DNA (my DNA)
Something about the way that it moves me
Dancing on remote control
I follow the call of the wild bug?
There's help on the way
I just wanna make you love me
I just wanna make love
I just wanna be a wild thing
Like in a ?
It's OK
I'm just gonna clap my hands
It's OK
I just wanna fuck your friend
I don't care
It doesn't matter what you see
Anyway
You know it's in my DNA (my DNA)
It's OK
I'm just gonna clap my hands
It's OK
I just wanna fuck your friend
I don't care
It doesn't matter what you see
Anyway
You know it's in my DNA"
"1481" ""
"1482" ""
"1483" "I am still
Cannot feel
There's silence
I am an island
I am still
And my will
Is broken
I am frozen
I'm the king in the mirror
Queen of the shy
The hero is hidden for so long
I'm the king in the mirror
Not in real life
And I've looked in the mirror for too long
What to do
Make a move
We're flying
Still hiding
What to do
See it through
To deny it
Is lying
I'm the king in the mirror
Queen of the shy
The hero is hidden for so long
I'm the king in the mirror
Not in real life
And I've looked in the mirror for too long
I want to be
Where I can see
Where you just looking back at me
I want to be
What I can see
But you just looking back at me
I'm the king in the mirror
Queen of the shy
The hero is hidden for so long
I'm the king in the mirror
Not in real life
And I've looked in the mirror for too long
For too long"
"1484" ""
"1485" "You and I under different stars you dream a lot
and I keep chasing the past
to remind you of who we are,
you've been gone for a while
in a distance another time
when you lay with me in the stillness of night
I'm there where we used to be calling out, calling out
Lay down, lay down on my shoulder, take me to the water,
lets not talk it over
We're islands in an ocean, silences are broken,
lay down on my shoulder as if we were still closer
but we're too far, drifting too far
but we're too far, drifting too far
Feel the rush of my secret heart,
forgive the light was the call of the dark
can you hear what I never said, that I need what you are
Take a minute and look around, take a look we're all alone
you can never cut me out, don't look away now
Take a minute and look around, been away for too long, for too long
Lay down, lay down on my shoulder, take me to the water,
let's not talk it over
We're islands in an ocean, silences are broken,
lay down on my shoulder as if we were still closer
but we're too far, drifting too far
but we're too far, drifting too far
In a night under strange stars, been awake for too long
I'm wondering where you are, how did we go wrong
you and I see the same stars, been awake for too long, for too long
Lay down, lay down on my shoulder, take me to the water,
let's not talk it over
We're islands in an ocean, silences are broken,
lay down on my shoulder as if we were still closer
but we're too far, drifting too far
but we're too far, drifting too far
but we're too far, drifting too far
but we're too far, drifting too far
but we're too far, drifting too far
but we're too far, drifting too far"
"1486" ""
"1487" "Run out
watch out
careful don't get hurt
crazy bitch
you're sane in Friedberg
Black sheep she's a
big creep better
be careful don't you wake her up cause she
might come alive
might come alive
might come alive
In a big town when she is
alone and you
never know what's walking through her door cause it
might be alive
might be alive
might be alive
I've been trying to tell you, you know
and I hope that you just let me go
because I' m spinning out of control
like Vincent Van Gogh
like Vincent Van Gogh
Just so you know
you should just let me go
just let me go
just let me go
She sleeps with it
still keeps it on
sometimes even bleeds with it cause
it was alive
it was alive
it was alive
You should see through her eyes baby
maybe you will let her live her life
cause she
can live her life
can live her life
can live her life
I've been trying to tell you, you know
and I hope that you just let me go
because I' m spinning out of control
like Vincent Van Gogh
like Vincent Van Gogh
Just so you know
you should just let me go
just let me go
just let me go
8x
Run out
watch out
careful don't get hurt
crazy bitch
you're sane in Friedberg"
"1488" ""
"1489" "Et si la bte lumineuse
N'entame plus
Ses traverses en moi
Qu'auront valu
Ces heures hideuses
Qu'aura valu
Ce sang vers sur toi
Si s'effacent ses traces
Et que lueur s'achve
Que mes doigts
Se cassent  mes rves
Je t'en supplie, tais-toi
Si l'amour est matre
J'en fus l'lve
Si la mort est muette
Je serai ses lvres, sa voix
Je suis la bte lumineuse
Tu es la bte lumineuse
Il est la bte lumineuse
Nous sommes la bte lumineuse
Je suis la bte lumineuse
Tu es la bte lumineuse
Il est la bte lumineuse
Nous sommes la bte lumineuse"
"1490" "Loin trs loin l'un de l'autre
Mais jamais spar
Fleur cueilli avant l'aube
N'est jamais prpar
Comprendre sa propre cause
Peut prendre bien des annes
Ne m'en veut pas si j'ose quitter
Plutt que faner
Mon amour
Ton me lourde n'est plus pour moi
Mon amour
Mon me lourde n'est plus pour toi
Toute fleure n'est pas rose
Mais chaque pleure est sal
Notre histoire grandiose
Devrais-je la laisser aller
Mon amour
Ton me lourde n'est plus pour moi
Mon amour
Mon me lourde n'est plus pour toi
Loin trs loin l'un de l'autre
 jamais spar"
"1491" "Peu m'importe de prendre de l'ge
Peu m'importe de faire naufrage
Si tu es le temps
Si tu es l'ocan
Peu m'importe les ongles noirs
Et la maison qui s'effondre
Si nous jouissons du plus simple
Si ce n'est pas nous
Que le temps scinde
Si tu restes avec moi
Peu m'importe nos corps qui changent
Peu m'importe le temps qui passe
Peu m'importe nos corps qui tremblent
Peu m'importe nos dents qui cassent
Si tu restes avec moi
Peu m'importe de tout connatre
Et d'user moins  devenir  que  tre 
Si c'est pour t'apprendre toi
Sur le bout de mes doigts
Peu importe nos yeux qui fanent
Peu m'importe les jours trop calmes
Peu m'importe les temptes
Peu importe
Les vagues qui se brisent
Peu m'importe l'odeur du drame
On ira nus sur la brise
Comme de vieux oiseaux qui planent
Si tu restes avec moi"
"1492" "Que mme l'ennui
Et mme la mort
Ne viennent pas ici
Dis moi si j' ai tort"
"1493" "N'ai-je vcu
Que pour te faire souhaiter la mort
Que pour tout dire  demi-mot
N'ai-je que du
Quand j'apprenais  devenir un homme
Toujours en croquant dans la pomme
J'tais  la mer
Pendant que tu pleurais l'enfant
Qui gisait dans la toilette
Quand tu m'as dit
Que jamais je ne pourrais te comprendre
Que le bonheur est plus loin qu'on pense
Je ne parlerai plus"
"1494" "Tout fleur n'est pas rose
Mais chaque pleur est sal
Notre histoire grandiose
Devrais-je la laisser aller
Refrain
Loin trs loin, l'un de l'autre
 jamais spars"
"1495" " Tout homme qui se tient debout est le plus beau des monuments 
J'aurai des mains
Pour capturer l'esprance
J'aurai des bras
Pour accueillir la dlivrance
J'aurai des pieds
Pour m'enraciner dans
Ce qu'il reste de boue
L'homme est le plus beau des monuments
Lorsqu'il se tient debout
J'aurai des mains
Pour la jachre, la rsistance
J'aurai une voix
Pour fuir la guerre du silence
J'aurai des pieds
Pour m'enraciner dans
Ce qu'il reste de nous
L'homme est le plus beau des monuments
Lorsqu'il se tient debout
J'oserai ce lieu
Ce ciel enfoui sans pitaphe
J'oserai le vu
De mon pays, pour qu'ils sachent que
J'aurai des pieds
Pour m'enraciner dans
Ce qu'il reste de nous
L'homme est le plus beau des monuments
Lorsqu'il se tient debout
J'aurai des pieds
Pour m'enraciner dans
Ce qu'il reste de boue
L'homme est le plus beau des monuments
Lorsqu'il se tient debout"
"1496" "Noys de rves et de rhum
D'ananas et de pommes
On se prend par les cornes
On s'envoie dans les cordes
Si le soleil sort
Mieux vaut rchauffer nos corps
Si l'abstinence est d'or
Mieux vaut vivre pauvre
Dops de whisky, de gin
De framboise et de lime
On se courbe l'chine
On se love, on s'imagine
Si le soleil dort
Mieux vaut rveiller nos corps
Si l'abstinence est d'or
Mieux vaut vivre pauvre
Si le soleil sort
Allons jouir dehors
Si le soleil plombe
Allons jouir  l'ombre
Si le soleil dort
Mieux vaut rveiller nos corps
Si l'abstinence est d'or
Mieux vaut vivre pauvre"
"1497" "On s'est dpeints, dmaquills
On a mis du fort sous nos joues
On s'est teints, dracins
On a mis du soir sur nos jours
On s'est soumis, on a pli
On a mis le mors  nos bouches
On s'est pourris et billonns
On a mis la mort  nos trousses
On a repris, puis dilu
On a troqu l'art pour les sous
On s'est faits saints, on s'est fait sacrer
Sans mettre nos corps sous les clous
On s'est faits putes et pour briller
On a mis de l'or  nos cous
On s'est repeints, remaquills
On a mis du fard sur nos joues"
"1498" "We're not dry, my darling
We can grow again
If we try, if we try 'till the end
It's not dry, my darling
We can grow again
If we cry
All these lies 'till the end
We found the night in the morning
We found hopes in the sand
We found the sky on the red ocean
So let's find love again
So let's find love again
We're not dry, my darling
We can grow again
If we try, if we try 'till the end
It's not dry, my darling
We can grow again
If we cry
All these lies 'till the end"
"1499" "Je te quitterais
Si tu ne l'avais pas dj fait
Me dchirerais
Si tu ne m'avais pas dj dfait
Je me tirerais
D'ici, des splendeurs du regret
Je me tirerais
Si tu ne l'avais pas dj fait
Je te quitterais
Si tu ne l'avais pas dj fait"
"1500" "La beaut gt partout
Sauf dans les mots
Que je veux crire
Que je veux t'crire
Peux-tu me dire
Pourquoi je veux me dtruire
Toujours tout dtruire
Vais-je me rappeler
Comment je dois tuer le dsir
Tu es le dsir
Mais tu me retires
Pourquoi je dois choisir
Entre le mal et toi
Les nuits sont blanches
Et les jours sont noirs
Je vois la drive
Et je bois, ca dlivre
Et si c'est clich
Ma pauvre me martyre
Impossible de tricher
Ce que c'est que de se sentir en vie
J'arrive  me faire peur
Mme peur de la noirceur
Il y a en mon coeur
Des territoires fans
Qui s'tendent et qui meurent"
"1501" ""
"1502" ""
"1503" ""
"1504" ""
"1505" ""
"1506" "It's so nice to be sitting outside with you on my mind
Late in the day I hitched a ride, with you on my mind, I hitched a ride
In the green park ranger's truck,
he slowed down when he passed me up,
he said Central Park, says it might rain
And I learn another stranger's name
Late in the day
So how do you like your job I said,
He told me once it's no good
I lock up the playgrounds, here in the park
I am the bully of New York
Yeah I am the bully of New York
It's getting dark, so I turn the keys
Kids all think I'm being mean
It's not easy for me
Working nights, I'm never home
My love and I got divorced
Theres a path of light there in the leaves
I am a man down on my knees
Yeah, I am a man down on my knees
It's getting dark, so I turn the keys
Kids all think I'm being mean
It's not easy for me, no
It's so nice to be sitting outside with you on my mind
Late in the day I hitched a ride with you on my mind
I hitched a ride
The sun was sinking low and grey
Your still on my mind late in the day
Late in the day"
"1507" ""
"1508" ""
"1509" ""
"1510" ""
"1511" ""
"1512" ""
"1513" "Your flowers are growin wild in the west
They may be pretty but theyre poisonous
Behind the bars youre falling apart
Its not the first time you went too far
Theres a hole in your halo
Where the sun dont shine
In the darkness I know
Its a thin line
There's a hole in your halo
Where the sun don't shine
It's been a month now plus a week or two
I'm the only one who's come to visit you
Who's gonna answer for what you've done
Behind your eyes there's no one
Theres a hole in your halo
Where the sun dont shine
In the darkness I know
Its a thin line
There's a hole in your halo
Where the sun don't shine
Like a storm brewin' in an empty room
I stop tryin' to keep my eye on you
Speak of the devil and he will come
Up inside the minds of the ones you love
Theres a hole in your halo
Where the sun dont shine
In the darkness I know
Its a thin line
There's a hole in your halo
Where the sun don't shine"
"1514" ""
"1515" ""
"1516" ""
"1517" ""
"1518" ""
"1519" ""
"1520" ""
"1521" ""
"1522" ""
"1523" ""
"1524" ""
"1525" ""
"1526" ""
"1527" "Inar (If you know my love for you):
If you know that you fill my heart
If you know how you left our true love
I think about you always, you are always in my thoughts
To me you look like a desert flower that never fades
You've gone just as you found my heart with a true love
You stole my heart and left so much pain for your love
If only you knew where you left our true love"
"1528" ""
"1529" ""
"1530" ""
"1531" ""
"1532" ""
"1533" ""
"1534" ""
"1535" ""
"1536" ""
"1537" ""
"1538" ""
"1539" ""
"1540" ""
"1541" ""
"1542" ""
"1543" ""
"1544" ""
"1545" ""
"1546" ""
"1547" ""
"1548" ""
"1549" ""
"1550" "Ka qe nje mot e gjysm viti
O qe u deshtem moj goc e vogl njeri se diti (2x)
O asnjri o nuk e diti
O prve teje moj goce e vogl edhe shpirtit (2x)
Oh perve teje edhe shpirti
O qysh at dit kur ta vuna unazn te gishtit (2x)"
"1551" ""
"1552" ""
"1553" ""
"1554" ""
"1555" ""
"1556" "Kjani trima, kjani gjith me lote
se iku djavi, qe na bente drite.
Shkova ga derra jote skish njeri
shkova ga udha e Krojt e nuk te pash.
Kerkova gjiton per gjiton e asnjeri s'me tha se ti ku je
Nje mjegull e zez m vu n sy mes alti grujte me nje ngjifti den.
Nj her mu ngrova n shtepi si zog i varfer qe jam pa folje.
Kjani trima, kjani gjith me lote Se iku djavi, qe na bente drit.
Nje ditese u drova ne shtepi si zog jam pa fole
Kjani trima, kjani gjithe me lote,
se iku djali qe na bente drite.
Shkova ne dera jote sishnje ti,
shkova nga udha e kroit
dhe nuk te pashe."
"1557" "I've always known
Since I was a young boy
In this world, everything's as good as bad
Now my father told me always speak a true word
And I have to say that is the best advice I've had
Because something burns inside of me
It's everything I long to be
And lies they only stop me from feeling free
Like a hobo from a broken home
Nothing's gonna stop me
Like a hobo from a broken home
Nothing's gonna stop me
Oh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
I've never yearned for anybody's fortune
The less I have the more I am a happy man
Now my mother told me always keep your head on
Because some may praise you just to get what they want
And I said mama I am not afraid
They will take what they will take
And what would life be like without a few mistakes
Like a hobo from a broken home
Nothing's gonna stop me
Like a hobo from a broken home
Nothing's gonna stop me
Oh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Oh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Like a hobo from a broken home
Nothing's gonna stop me
Like a hobo from a broken home
Nothing's gonna stop me"
"1558" "There's really not so much to tell.
She was 29, showing signs of doing well
for herself.
She never spoke of feeling sad.
Was, oh, so close with the family and friends
she had around her.
But she went quietly.
She didn't make a sound.
She went quietly
with the wish not to be found.
She went quietly
without a word of where.
Just a note that wrote:
\"Forgetting is easier.\"
Years have fallen since the day
she wrote the note and chose to float away
into the Ether.
Someone said they saw her south
at the coast on the river's mouth,
but only briefly.
'Cause she went quietly.
She didn't make a sound.
She went quietly
with the wish not to be found.
She went quietly
without a word of where.
Just a note that wrote:
\"Forgetting is easier.\"
She went quietly.
She didn't make a sound.
She went quietly
with the wish not to be found.
She went quietly
without a word of where.
Just a note that wrote:
\"Forgetting is easier.\"
Out of the blue, in the pouring rain,
to my doorstep, old and cold today she came,
with her story.
I asked her in, but she declined.
Had just one, single thing to get off her mind.
And, that was, \"Sorry.\""
"1559" "I heard you calling me
As I was swept away deeper into the sea
In love, I missed it's treachery ; swimming free
An in one breath a twist of fate made history
Mother nature took me in
She swept me under then I knew this was my end
My whole life flashed in front of me, so suddenly
And sinking down I knew I still could hear your scream !
I hear you calling me
There's nothing I can do
I hear you calling me
To answer back to you
An now you're loosing sleep
With memories you spend all night playing hide and seek
Replaying how it should have been and could have been
If only there were omens that you could have seen
Back in that room again
You hope to reach me through a medium
But there is no use ; I can't reply to this lover's cry
Oh ! How I wish I just could see you
One more time to say goodbye.
I hear you calling me
There's nothing I can do
I hear you calling me
To answer back to you
I hear you calling me
There's nothing I can do
I hear you calling me
To answer back to you
I hear you calling me
There's nothing I can do
I hear you calling me
To answer back to you"
"1560" ""
"1561" ""
"1562" "Hello, alone, it's you and me again,
How can we pretend we've never met?
Hello, alone you might as well come in,
We've been making bets for so long now.
I never told you that I want you,
I thought I had you out of my head,
But ever time she leaves me, refusing to believe me,
You're always there.
And even though I don't invite you,
And your presence is a pain,
You always let me be just who I am,
Until I'm glad to bring back that refrain again,
Hello, alone, it's you and me again,
How can we pretend we've never met?
Hello, alone you might as well come in,
We've been shaking hands for too long now
I even tried to re-convince you,
But it was just no use at all,
Cause every time I climbed inside your mind,
I saw the mirror on the wall.
But it's no use to pose the question,
When the answers never sheen,
And then I have to face up to the facts
With saxophones and old trombones carrying me home to say
Hello, alone, it's you and me again,
How can we pretend we've never met?
Hello alone you might as well come in,
We've been making bets for too long...
Perhaps I'll take a holiday,
And get as far away as I can,
But then I'd just be far away,
And just as a much a lonesome man,
With his hat in his hands chanting.
Hello, alone, it's you and me again,
How can we pretend we've never met?
Hello, alone you might as well come in,
We've been making bets for too long now."
"1563" "Mother
I've gotta get out of here
So I can save our family
From this poverty
And when I make my money
I'll send it back to you
Father
Give me strength, I pray
I have to end this misery
It's causing too much pain
I'm gonna look for richer lands
Where the money's made
I'm gonna put my whole World
In your hands
I have to put my whole World
In your hands
In your hands
Mister
Please let me work somehow
You've kept me waiting 18 months
And still I'm not allowed
And every time you promise me
\"Not much longer now\"
I've had to put my whole world
In your hands
I'm gonna put my whole world
In your hands
In your hands
Hey, hey, oho
Listen, listen to me
Mister! Mister! You say you're trying
But don't you know my brother's dying
You say \"it won't be long\"
But why am I so cursed
For where I am born?
I know
You've got my whole world
In your hands
I've had to put my whole world
In your hands
I'm gonna put my whole world
In your hands
I've had to put my whole world
In your hands
In your hands"
"1564" "Be merciful to me, O God
For I am under attack
My enemies slander me
All day long
In their pride theyre bringing me down
All day long
When I am afraid Ill trust in you
In you, whose word I praise
In you I trust; what could man do to me?I will not be afraid
My enemies are plotting against me
Eager to take my life
They devise their schemes and mark my steps
All day long
They twist my words to bring me hurt
All day long
For you have delivered me from death
And set my feet on solid ground
So that I could walk before youIn your light"
"1565" "This ones bout a man
Who thought that he had figured it out
Figured it out
When I found him
He told me that he didnt need any help
From anyone else
If Ive got this on my own
If Ive got this on my own
Then the only hope Im holding onto now is me
We live for life, we always climb
We always want to go further
Are you really entitled to anything?
Are you really? Are you really?
I was bigger when I made myself smaller
I was bigger when I made myself small
As the years went by
I started asking him What do you deserve?
What do you deserve?
If your life revolves around yourself
Then what are you worth?
What are you worth?"
"1566" "Been hanging around
This old house
Its a mess
It aint sound, or even safe
Been driving around
The neighborhood
Seen lots of others
Looking a lot like mine
I need you to come in
And clean me
Ive had my doubts about it
Free me
And clean out
This old house of mine
You can sleep in
The living room
But keep away room
The closet in the back
Cause Ive got skeletons
I dont want you to see
And Ive got secrets
I dont want you to know
Been wondering why you
Would want to stay here
Would want to come in
Amongst all of my grime
Been thinking about how
You dont even care
About the shame I wear
You love me all the same"
"1567" "What was that about loving my friends and loving my enemies too?
What was that about giving to the poor and judging others kindly?
What was that about forgiving the guy whos only ever hurt me?
Something you said got buried deep in my shallow heart
I never quite got it through my head
That what I do has to back up what I say
My faith is in the grave
Its not what you believe that counts
But only what you believe enough to do
My mouth is an empty gun
Let us speak with truth and action
Would you lay down your life for your brother?
Would you sell what you own and give it all away?
Do you try to live out what you learn?
Or do you just pick and choose what you want to ignore?"
"1568" "Pull this material skeleton off my skin
Expose my heart make me raw
Open me up, let the therapy begin
Help me heal, make me real
I dont want to go home the same man
Ive become foreign to who I am
I dont want to leave here the same man
Show me how to smile a real smile
Make me new, make me see through
Show me what uncomfortable feels like
Break me down, show me how
Im leaving the old part of me
Im ridding my skin of its treacheries
Of wanting and flaunting and needing and greed and
Im throwing away my pride
And coming alive again"
"1569" "Hello, my fellow man
You look like youve had it rough
You look like your story aint been kind to you
Have you known the pain?
Do you even have a name?
What do you have that makes you worth my time?
You look, to me, like a man of crimes
Do not hold back love
From those who deserve it
When youve got the opportunity to act
Everyone deserves
To be treated well by you
Everyone deserves your love
Hello, my sister
You are the face of a nameless race
Of lust and lies and alcohol and drugs
But whatve I got that makes me better?
Ive still got my vices
What is it that makes me think
Im worth more than another?
Everyone deserves your love
Everyone deserves your love
No matter where theyre coming from
No matter about the things theyve done
Everyone deserves your love"
"1570" "Theres a place on earth
Where devils build their homes
They roam around in search
Of someone whos alone
Youve got too much to be living for nothing
Youve got two hands that are made for working
Stop just existing
And start to live your life
Are you a sleepless dreamer?
Are you discontented with your life?
Do you have the will to make your dreams come alive?
Why dont you get up and try?
Theres too many people afraid of movement
Youve got two feet that are made for walking
Stop just existing
And start to live your life
Its time to move along
Start holding on to the rest of your life
Death and crime and pain and time
Cant keep you stuck forever
Welcome to the motion
Welcome to assurance
Welcome to redemption
Welcome to your future
Stop just existing
And start to live your life"
"1571" "Scarred by time and bruised by bitter days
With a rusty, haggard frame and a cynical gaze
Worn out where the years took their toll
Trying to turn these shattered shards into something whole
I'm banging on a tight wire
Trying to find meaning in the coughs and the rattles
I'm banging on a tight wire
Turning it into a song
Most of the greatest lessons I have learned
Fell out of the failures that left me feeling burned
This road is hard and this world sure ain't kind
But my broken parts are a sign that I'm alive
I'm banging on a tight wire
Trying to find meaning in the coughs and the rattles
I'm banging on a tight wire
Turning it into a song
I'm playing with a wild fire
Creating control
I'm playing with a wild fire
It's all I know
I'm banging on a tight wire
Trying to find meaning in the coughs and the rattles
I'm banging on a tight wire
Turning it into a song"
"1572" "I know I said I wouldn't complain
When the weight became too much to bear
But that was before I felt all the strain
Of the work involved in getting where
I want to be
Steady me
Help me plant my feet
While I grit my teeth
Help me find my voice
It's lost in all this noise
Come and set me free
Help me find my peace
While I work my hands to the bone
I know, I said I wouldn't complain
When the going started getting rough
But now that I sit here gripping the reins
I begin to feel I've had enough
Of all this up and down
Steady me
Help me plant my feet
While I grit my teeth
Help me find my voice
It's lost in all this noise
Come and set me free
Help me find my peace
While I work my hands to the bone
Please don't leave me
Down and out and crawling back for more
I need a hand
I found out I can't do this on my own
Trying to has left me here alone
Has left me on my own
Steady me
Help me plant my feet
While I grit my teeth
Help me find my voice
It's lost in all this noise
Come and set me free
Help me find my peace
While I work my hands to the bone"
"1573" "Wake up rattled from another sleepless night
Stuck in between miracles and traffic lights
Work like the devil, but you're never satisfied
You set your pace likes it's required
And feel completely uninspired
Don't let your well run dry
Keep it filled up
Here it comes again, another week gone by
Like a train almost out of sight
You try to catch it, but you always fall behind
You feel your race has run its course
But you still live in remorse
Don't let your well run dry
Keep it filled up
I can see that you're running on empty
I can see that your heart is tired
There's no use in flying solo
Caught in a stampede of lies
Pounded in the ground like railroad ties
Trying so hard that your engine's fried
Lay down and rest tonight
Don't let your well run dry
Keep it filled up"
"1574" "One day I'll come riding over them hills
With the salt in my hair and the sand upon my soles
With the river's current rushing through my veins
And the life I found when I grabbed hold of the reins
I promise I'll come back around
I just gotta leave for a little while
One day you'll see me walking through these streets
One day I'll arrive and finally find some sleep
With a wizened frame and a clean slate of mind
And the kind of love that only comes with time
I promise I'll come back around
I just gotta leave for a little while"
"1575" "You count the coins and years of work
That put them in your pocket
Could you exist on any less
If suddenly you lost it?
Do you depend on your own hands?
Put your title down
Everything you have is a gift
Put your title down
Be thankful
Is sustenance the effect of work
Or is that an illusion?
The earth's carefree simplicity
Has led to my conclusion
I depend on my own hands
Put your title down
Everything you have is a gift
Put your title down
Be thankful
The nurturing of birds and trees
Is not of their own will
The Source providing all they need
Is nurturing me still
Put your title down
Everything you have is a gift
Put your title down
Be thankful"
"1576" "On the sand, I arise
Here I stand with the tides
Will this shore be my fate?
Is there more than this state?
Will you come and rescue me?
Will you even answer me?
Hanging on by a thread
Am I left here for dead?
No I'm certain, out there
Out beyond the breakers
There's a land, green and fair
And one day I will see her
Will you come and rescue me?
Will you even answer me?
Calling on a world unseen
Putting messages in bottles
And trusting the sea
Will you come and rescue me?
Will you even answer me?"
"1577" "My heart is a winding river
Runs wherever it wants to
Down, out of the towering hills
Rushing toward the sea
I am a watercourse
Connecting the dots
I am a watercourse
Laid out and plotted
My heart is a winding river
Guided by a strong pull
All-going and never-knowing
Gravity is a thief
I am a watercourse
Connecting the dots
I am a watercourse
Laid out and plotted
Evaporate then spit me out
Over the falls then back to the clouds
Endlessly racing onward
Evermore, forever
I am a watercourse
Connecting the dots
I am a watercourse
Laid out and plotted"
"1578" "I am the cost and I am the loss
I am the wreck that became your cross
The burden you bore that cursed your lot
The blood-stained, buried dreams that you sought
I am the face of the billboard trends
I am the pulse in the words that lend
To easy false entitlement
And paranoid establishment
I am the face of the billboard trends
Where the highway takes your money spent
To those like me, the devil's friend
And the accident pays my rent
I am the greed, the selfish thief
The dollar-sign theme is my lonely creed
I am the silent, sickening melody
Of our backwards ideology
The submarine-deep, subconscious dream
I am the face of the billboard trends
I am the pulse in the words that lend
To easy false entitlement
And paranoid establishment
I am the face of the billboard trends
Where the highway takes your money spent
To those like me, the devil's friend
And the accident pays my rent
I am the face of the billboard trends
Making you numb to the billboard trends
I am the pulse in the words that lend
To easy false entitlement
And paranoid establishment
I am the face of the billboard trends
Where the highway takes your money spent
To those like me, the devil's friend
And the accident pays my rent"
"1579" "It takes a lot of work to keep something alive
We've been putting all our efforts into second tries
Tired of filling up the cup
Tired of being content with just barely enough
Let there be peace
Where the city street runs
Let there be life
In the hot, dry sun
Let there be progress in my bones
Progress, and not just maintenance
I'm sick of standing by while our hearts run dry
I'm not gonna lie
I've just been going through the motions
Tired of filling up the cup
Tired of being content with just barely enough
Let there be peace
Where the city street runs
Let there be life In the hot, dry sun
Let there be progress in my bones
Progress, and not just maintenance
I want to build
Don't want to just stand still
Let there be peace
Where the city street runs
Let there be life In the hot, dry sun
Let there be progress in my bones
Progress, and not just maintenance"
"1580" "VERSE 1
Where are the warm, sweet nights
And where is the candlelight
Bright as the life and times that we once knew
And when is it healing time
And when does the peace of mind
Fill in the hole in my life where once was you
And where are all the bonds that we shared?
And when did you begin not to care?
CHORUS
Never mind the where, never mind the when
I could never love that way again
It doesnt matter where the fault may lie
I dont want to know the reason why
My heart told me one day
You and I were fine
Woke up one morning
And fate said never mind
VERSE 2
Look at the state Im in
How can the world still spin?
Im trying to breathe again, but I cant seem to
They talk about laying low
They talk about letting go
Theyre talking cause they dont know I been run right through
And where are all the bonds that we shared?
And when did you begin not to care?
CHORUS
Never mind the where, never mind the when
I could never love that way again
It doesnt matter where the fault may lie
I dont want to know the reason why
My heart told me one day
You and I were fine
Woke up one morning
And fate said nevermind
BRIDGE
Never mind the how and when
Close your eyes and just pretend
That your life is still the same
And you never bore my name
Longing to be where you are
And wasting wishes on a star
Neither one will get me far
At the end of the day
CHORUS
Nevermind the where, nevermind the when
I could never love that way again
It doesnt matter where the fault may lie
I dont want to know the reason why
My heart told me one day
You and I were fine
Woke up one morning
And fate said nevermind"
"1581" "LIGHTS OUT IN TUPELO
2005 Dan May and Steve Patti
VERSE 1
Crossing Mississippi
Tossing my self-pity
Lost and found this life again
Did hard time in Jackson
Ten long years in passing
Making me a better man
But here they only see
What I used to be
CHORUS
Lights out in Tupelo
Packed up away I go
Ive taken more than I can stand
Well drive down through Birmingham
South to Montgomery, man
Folks there, they call it Alabam
I call it the Promised Land
VERSE 2
This country sure looks pretty
Far outside the city
So much like from where I came
Where they know my record
Know my past is checkered
Some things never seem to change
I dont care anyhow
It wont matter now
CHORUS
Lights out in Tupelo
Packed up away I go
Ive taken more than I can stand
Well drive down through Birmingham
South to Montgomery, man
Folks there, they call it Alabam
I call it the Promised Land
BRIDGE
Where the catfish run
In the morning sun
And the songbirds all call out to me
Youre free
But here, theyll never see
The man that I could be
CHORUS
Lights out in Tupelo
Packed up away I go
Ive taken more than I can stand
Well drive down through Birmingham
South to Montgomery, man
Folks there, they call it Alabam
I call it the Promised Land"
"1582" "What is the meaning of life as we know it?
And, who is the teacher and who is the child?
When there are no road signs that point our direction,
Sometimes it seems like the whole world is running wild
Oh, how I wish you were with us tonight
Wed raise up our glasses, and bid you a fond goodbye
Oh, if I could just see your face at my door,
One more, one more time.
We live in a world of free will and volition
We're turning our eyes to some power above
We murmur the words of an act of contrition
Knowing so many weve lost and weve loved.
And oh, how I wish they were with us tonight
Wed raise up our glasses, and bid them a fond goodbye
Oh, if I could just see your face at my door,
One more, one more time.
Oh, and everything we ever thought might be endless or bound less
Lie scattered around us in ruins
We wonder why
Buried there among the pages,
The prophets and sages have bound to the ages
The book of our lives
Oh, how I wish you were with us tonight...
Oh, if I could just see your face at my door,
One more, one more time.
One more, one more time.
One more, one more time."
"1583" "Build me a bridge so I can climb to the top
and take a big breath of air.
No one can tell me what is wrong
'cause I am the only one here.
Life kept on running faster than me,
I could not stop her so she kindly stopped for me.
Show me a mountain,
I am ready to see it sitting right in my hands.
My love is an ocean
but I can't even swallow one grain of sand.
Oh, often I couldn't stand the stench of my own self,
but still I never wanted to be anybody else.
People are searching through their black abyss,
looking for all the things that they could have missed.
But I've never found a quick way to cure...
Give me some time and as it goes by
I'll try to figure out what makes sense.
It seems to me that everything should come together in the end.
My conscience once asked me to always be kind,
I let her down but she's still here by my side.
Light me a fire, my hands are shaking,
they look like the moon.
A sweater is nice but a friendship is better
'cause it'll keep you through 'til June.
Oh, when we were kids there was so much to climb,
and we screwed up so many times, but at least we tried."
"1584" ""
"1585" ""
"1586" "I saw the way you light a room
the night I met you
In that light I just knew
we'd be together
Something old, something new
I borrowed all that's true
And gave away the blue
Years gone longing for a kiss
and a touch of fire
Ended sweetly with a wish
and an angel choir
Love had never felt like this,
all roads open wide
To bring me home at night
I want to live a long time with you
Let me have a long time with you
I want to take a long time with you
Let's say we do
I know we'll have our trouble times,
stormy points of view
I'll be steady at your side
we'll walk right through
Copper, steel, pearls and wine
I promise you we'll fly
Right through that diamond sky
I want to live a long time with you
Let me have a long time with you
I want to take a long time with you
Let's say we do
Let's say we do, Let's say I do,
my love is true, long time
I want to live a long time with you
Let me have a long time with you
I want to take a long time with you
I know I'll be a long time with you
I want to be a long time with you ...
Let's say we do, never be through,
long time with you"
"1587" ""
"1588" ""
"1589" "I'm lost in severland
I'll never make my way home even though I try
grief's stuck on me
I can't cut her loose, she only lets me cry
I was advised and warned
had my pain and washed it clean
I did not take heed
and now that wicked thing, it lives in me
yeahhhh
I'll never, never be free
yeahhhh
it lives in me
a fall wind blows
and the white fog rose in across the sky
sad struck me down, I can't turn around
she likes to see me cry
yeahhhh
she likes to see me cry
yeahhhh
she won't let me fly
I'm sorry
I had to go
I'm always with you
I'm sorry
I didn't know
I'll always miss you
I'm sorry
I couldn't stop this...
ooo
I'm lost in severland
I'll never make my way home even though I try
grief's stuck on me
I can't cut her loose, she only lets me cry
I was advised and warned
I had my pain and washed it clean
I did not take heed
and now that wicked thing, it lives in me
yeahhhh
I'll never, never be free
yeahhhh
this thing, it lives in me
I'm sorry
I had to go
I'm always with you
I'm sorry
I didn't know
I always miss you
I'm sorry
I couldn't stop this... from our?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry..."
"1590" ""
"1591" ""
"1592" "Youre sexy as a panther
Charm a mile wide
Brighter than the moon on a clear mountain night
Wild as a dragon, crazy as a loon
I knew when you walked in the room
I can't stay away
Old salty dog and the sea
I can't stay away
A moth to a flame got nothing on me, no no
Bold as an opera
Deep as roots on a tree
Smooth as your wet ruby lips on me
Bottle on the table, candlelight dream
A fine drop's all that I need
I can't stay away
Old salty dog and the sea
I can't stay away
A moth to a flame got nothing on me, no no
Hits me in the chest
It cradles my heart
A mystery as simple as counting every star
Time disappears and the magic remains
The song keeps calling my name
I can't stay away
Old salty dog and the sea
I can't stay away
A moth to a flame got nothing on me, no no
No
My passions play to me every day
There ain't nothing in this crazy little world gonna keep me away, now
I can't stay away
Old salty dog and the sea
I can't stay away
A moth to a flame got nothing
Got nothing on me"
"1593" ""
"1594" ""
"1595" ""
"1596" "Is there anybody here who'd like to change his clothes into a uniform
Is there anybody here who thinks they're only serving on a raging storm
Is there anybody here with glory in their eyes
Loyal to the end, whose duty is to die
I want to see him
I want to wish him luck
I want to shake his hand, want to call his name
Put a medal on the man.
Is there anybody here who'd like to wrap a flag around an early grave
Is there anybody here who thinks they're standing taller on a battle wave
Is there anybody here like to do his part
Soldier to the world and a hero to his heart
I want to see him
I want to wish him luck
I want to shake his hand, want to call his name
Put a medal on the man
Is there anybody here proud of the parade
Who'd like to give a cheer and show they're not afraid
I'd like like to ask him what he's trying to defend
Oh I'd like to ask him what he thinks he's gonna win
Is there anybody here who thinks that following the orders takes away the blame
Is there anybody here who wouldn't mind a murder by another name
Is there anybody here whose pride is on the line
With the honor of the brave and the courage of the blind
I want to see him
I want to wish him luck
I want to shake his hand, want to call his name
Put a medal on the man
Is there anybody here so proud of the parade
Who'd like to give a cheer and show they're not afraid
I'd like to ask him what he's trying to defend
I'd like to ask him what he thinks he's gonna win
Is there anybody here who thinks that following the orders takes away the blame
Is there anybody here who wouldn't mind a murder by another name
Is there anybody here whose pride is on the line
With the honor of the brave and the courage of the blind
I want to see him
I want to wish him luck
I want to shake his hand, gonna call his name
Put a medal on the man
Medal on the man"
"1597" "Angular spider-like Roman sculpture
Slowly becoming more human
Central tempora of light
In majesty
Has new clarity
Attempt of artists to express emotion
David getting news of hunting accident
Calming down of animated figures
Interaction of thick liquid style
Style, style, style
Did God make man, or did man make God
Either way you think
It's down the same sink
Through death and birth
It's on the same earth
Win or lose
You're constantly choosing
American Soviet Irish Italian
Chinese African Ethiopian
Israeli Libyan Brazilian Portuguese
Swedish German African man
Can Man"
"1598" "Everybody's on the beach
Lovely bodies well in reach
I could've had a holiday
If that one hadn't gone away
Light another cigarette
For the buzz you'll never get
She lets me drive her brand new car
But not when I frequent the bar
I'm coming to get you
She plays the bongos night and day
My headache just won't go away
Tomorrow morn they'll find me dead
She wears her Russian boots to bed
Every day she goes to work
Woolen suits and fancy shirts
Nylons make the fellows crazy
They'd be so surprised to find me
I'm coming to get you
Ba da da da da..."
"1599" "(3:07)
Give me some Love Insurance
I need the million dollar plan
That way the day you leave me
I'll be able to make a friend
Sure I'll be broken hearted
And I'll have you to thank
But I'll only be lonely
Walkin' to and from the bank
Give me some Love Insurance
I need, I need, I need...
The million dollar plan
I knew the day I met you
I'd be your biggest fan
But your eyes spelled out \"DANGER\"
(double-you-oh) M.A.N.!
But I thought maybe I'd be lucky
Maybe you'd take my hand
And touch these lips of roses
Delivering the promised land
Give me some Love Insurance.
I need the million dollar plan
You're my coffee in the morning
The honey in my tea
The most delicious kisses
Baby you're exhaustin' me
But I am fearful for
That you'll want less and I''ll want more
So just to even the score..."
"1600" "Walking on a tightrope
Walking on a tightrope, tightrope, tightrope
Look there's no trampoline
Look there's no trampoline, trampoline, trampoline
Hey Dad I'm old enough to change my name like Jessica Jane
But I think I'll keep the one you gave me
For Hollywood I will
For Hollywood I will
I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will
This movie life is starring you
This movie life is starring you, starring you, starring you
You better share the popcorn
You better share the popcorn, popcorn, popcorn
Hey Dad I'm old enough to be a Marine
Become a killing machine
But I think I'd rather be the freak in love
With other schools of thought
With other thoughts of school
Of school, of school, of school,
of school, of school, of school, of school"
"1601" "(2:47)
I'm feelin' so lonely
and I'm thinkin' of you
thinkin' of you
You said you'd never break my heart
and I'm broken in two
Take the big clock away, the hands of time
refuse to listen
Or conduct my symphony a sad adagio
with no no no conclusion
Now all we've got are memories
and mine are all of brilliant leaves
We're driving in the autumn sun
Free falling as we fly away from red heaven."
"1602" "(4:12)
This is my postcard from Texas
What are the chances this town won't wreck us?
There is a woman, there always is
She's standin' on the side of the stage
beckoning motionless
And my legs get weak
and my heart beats fast
and I thought the love we had
was built to last
and my thoughts take off
where my hands want to go
and I know and I know and I know
Baby believe me
Baby believe me
I didn't do nothin'!
There's a strange black bird here
Which is mostly tall
makes a sound like an ambulance
That's her mating call
She sings a warning in the cold night air
she's out in the distance
she should be sleeping
but i can still hear her.
I'm steppin' out of a dream into a steamy car
and we huddle for safety at the cannibal bar
how far can I run away from this ring on my finger?
Is there a place where we can go to
shed our fear like clothes
and make love new?"
"1603" "(4:39)
I always thought that you would
be the one to come running to me
when I call your name
It gives me pain to think
I drink the wine of time alone
I toast to us.
That's not enough - that's what you said
Love isn't dead, it's only hiding
And I know, we can find it inside
If we just let our hearts collide
So slow the road goes all around the moon and back
to light up the skin on your face
it's not my place but I'm standing here
it's clear the water rushes to the shore
and then recedes, like love when it bleeds
the deeper the needs
Mimi - I found the thunder and so I
understand
me me no need to wonder
I made it easy to take my hand
And I've got no secret agenda, no hidden plan."
"1604" "(3:06)
Just give me One More Chance
to get next to you
make it up to you
Give me One More Chance
To love you soulfully
like you live for me
Anything you say
Anything you want
Everything I pray for
Resembles you a lot
I know we're different
We're worlds apart
but you convinced me
to give you my heart
I call you up
But you're not there
I hate the telephone
I hate the air
I know how hard you tried to be
the perfect lover in the universe for me."
"1605" "(2:43)
Consumer Report don't tell me how
to fix my heart
TV tells me where to call
But I don't want that at all
I know I'm lazy
But I'm so damn crazy for you
Rollin' down lonely highways
I can hardly see the road, towns flyin' by
'cause I'm in my mind way back in time
when you were mine
I know I'm lazy
But I'm so damn crazy for you
And it's a shame
You were always there for me
It's me I blame
But I was too blind to see
We never made this official
But I see your initals on every license plate
in every state in the whole USA!!
I know i'm lazy,
But I'm so damn crazy, I know I've been lazy
but I'm so damn crazy
I KNOW I was lazy
But I'm so damn crazy
For you!!!"
"1606" "Don't want to be your victim
Or your survivor
Don't want to be your coffee maker, maker
Or your deep soul diver
But when the rain is running
Off the roof
I'll do anything for you
Don't want to be your little girl
Don't want to be your mama
Don't want you to be my little girl
Or my Madonna
But when the rain is running
Off the roof
I'll do anything for you
Some girls dream of ballerinas
Some of supermen
Some boys dream of marrying presidents
Me, I'm kind of winging it
On a visionary ear
Wish you could hear it
The way I hear"
"1607" "(2:40)
God gave me this here guitar
Pointed to the farthest star and said, \"Son
You got a long long way to go\"
I said, \"I'm the daughter you never had
and I'm really good when I'm bein' bad\"
and I'm about to cut the strings on this puppet show
Now to be a stick of dynamite
predicting rain and not a cloud in sight
that's who I am and that's what I'll do for you
We were goin out the other night and I'm wearin my favorite
jeans alright with lots of holes and lots of leg in sight
\"How come you're wearing that?\" he siad
'cause people are hungry and the people are threads
and I'll wear these jeans til everybody's fed
Maybe wish, maybe that, maybe this is all the love you can muster up
Well I called my friend the other day
He lives in that modern town of L.A.
His answering machine said, leave a message friend
It said, practice random acts of kindness
and senseless acts of beauty
and put your cliche softly in the end."
"1608" "Time to love
All we need is time to love
And all too much emphasis
Is placed on conflict
Popular mode of thinking changes
When molecules agree with timing
Aligning with the universe
In galaxies songs unrehearsed
Come aboard
Come aboard
Yeah"
"1609" "(4:19)
I put a box of tissues by my bed
'cause I knew that I'd be up forever
waiting for...you...
I left the light on in the hall
'cause I knew that you'd be fallin'
when you finally come home
And anybody with a heart
would've been alone
but you brought her
And anybody with a brain
would've left you then
but I stayed...I stayed...
I gathered all the photographs
in the hope of takin' one long
steamy bath alone
All the water on my skin
could not wash away the years of
tryin' to get in
Even though my love life was
fast asleep and my heart was
breakin' to a million pieces, I stayed
I stayed awake, I stayed awake
Even though my love life was
fast asleep and my heart was
breakin' to a million pieces"
"1610" "Photograph, tell me this
What I see in a kiss
Fireworks can't explain
Why I wrapped my heart around this flag of pain
/ Am - D - / Am - E - / 1st / E D Am - /
{Refrain}
One by one, they kiss me on the head
Soldiers drinking wine and body bread
Two by two, who understand the blue
Flowing down in a long sea of red
/ G - C Am / / / D - E - /
Silver cup, silver cup, full of wine, full of wine
Don't be fooled, don't be fooled, by the shine
Drink it up, drink it up, it'll make you high, make you high
Just remember when it's time to say goodbye
{Refrain}
Photograph, photograph, tell me this, tell me this
What I see, what I see, in a kiss
Fireworks, fireworks, can't explain, can't explain
Why I wrapped my heart around this flag of pain
{Refrain}"
"1611" "(3:07)
All of the fire burning inside ya, be true now
All of the moment, it's yours you can own it
Be true now
Sometimes when we're talking I can feel you walking
through my mind
Just like now today I don't have much to say
but I will in time
All of the pretense, no reason for pretense
Be true now
Sexual Telepathy, Sexual Telepathy
Ah, ah, ah
Right now."
"1612" "(3:12)
I believe you never took me serious
That makes it all the more delirious
Your friends are acting awfully kind to me
The faceless wonder of integrity evades you now
To put it nicely
And if I look like your problem
You look like a broken promise to me
I got 16 roses on Valentine's Day
And not one word from you
I'm spending plastic like bona-fide nails
Soon they'll be after me to throw my bones in jail
Way too soon for me to talk about this
I miss you more than the wettest kiss
You could ever have with her!"
"1613" "There's blood on the sidewalk from someone I don't know
I step around it so I won't get it on my shoe
On my way to work in Washington D.C.
My name is America but I pronounced it George
Some people think I am rich but I am mostly poor
And I cover it up to get you to fight in my war
The truth is I am my own enemy
But I'll buy anything you advertise on TV
On my way to work in Washington D.C.
Got to make it look good
Got to make it look good
Every Friday Karen and Kathy
Go to take care of babies with aids
Who were born like their mothers, addicted to crack
Drinking their bottles lying on their backs
Just like their fathers \"mom ain't coming back\"
On my way to work in Washington
On my way to work in Washington D.C.
Got to make it look good
There's blood on the sidewalk from someone I might know
Should I step around it so I won't get it on my soul
On my way to work in Washington
On my way to work in Washington D.C."
"1614" "Once riding in old Baltimore, head filled,
Heart filled with glee
I saw a Baltimore an keep looking straight at me
Now I was eight and very small
And he was no whit bigger
And so I smiled but he poked out his tongue and called me a nigger
I saw the whole of Baltimore from May until December
Of all the things that happened there
That's all that I remember
Who's so scared
When I was fourteen I took a bus to San Francisco
I was full of hope and joy till this girl called me a boy
But I was already on my way so frightened to be gay
Just like in 1942 (1492) the world screaming,
\"Something's wrong with you, Jew\"
Who's so scared
But what I discover,
Lover after lover
There's nothing wrong with me
That's just a lie by society
So I start looking at the world we have
And while it's not all bad,
There's a lot of room for improvement
People of color and the gay movement
Who's so scared
Won't you explain to me that pain of your life"
"1615" "Everyday I find I am looking for me
And these unfinished lives
And every movement and motion unsettles my heart
It's paralyzing
Maybe I'm crazy
I say there's a better way
When these waves come crashing on my shore
I will not be moved 'cause I know who I am
When the stars all go home
I won't fight to be known
I will listen for you voice
It calls me home
All of the lights are dimming
The comfort is cold
I'm drowning in the quiet
I take off my makeup
I'm tired of this side of my face
And my unfinished life
Maybe I'm crazy
I say there's a better way
When these waves come crashing on my shore
I will not be moved 'cause I know who I am
When the stars all go home
I won't fight to be known
I will listen for your voice
It calls me home"
"1616" "I will not sleep well tonight
(I will not sleep well tonight)
I will not be fine when the morning brings the dreaded light
I will kiss the lips that say goodbye
(I will kiss your lips)
Clinging to the comfort of my God on high
I will not be moved by and by
(I will not be moved by and by)
I am not ashamed of the battle though my eyes may cry
I will kiss the lips that bid farewell
(I will kiss your lips)
As you march to the sound of the Mission Bell
Oh the glimmer of the light along the water
And the sound of the children on the shore
Oh the sweet fields of gold beneath the big blue sky
Let it be
Home is me
You are mine
Life is moving on day by day
(Life is moving on day by day)
Friendship overflowing but to me you cannot be replaced
I will hold you tight in my dreams
(I will hold you tight)
Though you're gone, you're not as distance as it seems
Oh the glimmer of the light along the water
And the sound of the children on the shore
Oh the sweet fields of gold beneath the big blue sky
Let it be
Home is me
You are mine
Oh the purple mountain's majesty is calling
And the northern lights still dance above the snow
Yes Amazing Grace is still the fire beneath this life
Let it be
Home is me
You are mine
Let it be
Home is me
You are mine
Let it be
Home is me
And you are mine"
"1617" "I dreamed of a devil last night
He tempted me with a wicked tongue and a rough hand
Saying \"it's alright, honey it's alright
You can leave that man\"
When I woke my head was spinning
As I recalled all of the things he said
Made me feel less of a woman
Making me feel like a whore instead
And I, I won't be going to my grave
I've got a lot to live for
I won't be rocking in my faith
I got a lot to hope for
Dreamed of a devil last night
Amazing such a little thing can get in your head
Saying \"it's alright, honey it's alright
You can stay in my bed, stay in my bed, stay here in my--\"
No, no, no, no, no
I won't be going to my grave
I've got a lot to live for
I won't be rocking in my faith
I've got a lot to hope
I'm not going to my grave
I got a lot to live for
Little children
Going in circles
He will sing you lullabies
Little children
Rest your heads
No more monsters, no more devils
You are not who the wicked call you
(Pure and peace and strong and joy)
(Pure and peace and strong and joy)
All you little children
Oh you little children
Miss Mary Mack, Mack, Mack
All dressed in black, black, black
With silver buttons, buttons, buttons
All down her back, back, back"
"1618" "(chorus)
I'll lo--ve you love agin,
Maybe Tomorrow
I do--n't know where or when
Maybe Tomorrow, Maybe Tomorrow
You say, you say your'e gonna cr-y
Because they've made us say goodby-e
Our love will stand the test of ti-me,
And our ages won't be there
To draw the li-ne. (chorus)"
"1619" "Love, what metal are you made of
You must be from some scheming star
Love, you're wicked and heavenly
You set me free then you lock the door
I can't go back and I can't go forward
You got me wrapped around your finger
Tie a rope around me
Ready, aim, and pull the trigger
Love, you push me and say I've fallen
It's your fault really if I'm a fool
This train don't stop and it don't go nowhere
You got me wrapped around your finger
You wrote the song and you made me the singer
Love, tell me what metal are you made
Well you must be from some scheming star"
"1620" "I like to say, I've made good use of my time while you've been away.
And it's true,
I've been in my piano everyday
thinking of you.
They talk around, I hear them whisper, It's the funniest thing really they think you're gone forever
I know the truth, It's just getting hard to believe it.
When they all tell me it's over
even the stars are aligned and I,
I follow the signs so clearly,
and still I've fallen
the quicksand's pulling me down.
I follow the signs so clearly,
and still they catch me
the quicksand's pulling me down.
I'm not the same, I can't sleep nights and now i'm calling your name when I do.
and yet without you, they say I get along better, better, better.
When they all tell me It's over
I'll damn the gods until the stars are aligned and I,
I follow the signs so clearly,
and still I've fallen
the quicksand's pulling me down.
I follow the signs so clearly,
and still they catch me
the quicksand's pulling me down.
Look at my life, look at my face, can't you see my heart bleeding down my sleeve,
you're holding my hand and holding my heart but I just want to feel your breath inside me so I can breath.
Somewhere in the distance I catch a spark of grace I hope it's something that makes me feel like I'm alive.
It's never to soon,
it's never to late,
so I start screaming out
I see your face
I see your hand reaching down and I yell to you and I say,
I follow the signs to clearly,
and still I've fallen
the quicksand's pulling me down.
I follow the signs so clearly,
and still they caught me
the quicksand's pulling me down.
I follow the signs so clearly,
and still I've fallen
the quicksand's pulling me down.
I know you can feel me rising,
I'm on fire
if you keep on pulling me up.
Look at my life, and look at my face,
look where I've come to get to this place with you.
Being here to sit and lay at your feet and rest in your arms
And listen to your heart beat.
(ohhh...)"
"1621" "Baby when you kiss me
Like I made you miss me
Even though I'm dancing
In your arms
Baby when we go slow
Like the radio so
Tender when they call
And love is on the line
I'm so glad you're mine
And when I close my eyes
All I can see
Is your smiling face
Loving me
And I don't know if I told you
You can't go 'til I've told you
That I think you are
The sweetest thing
I love it when you whisper
I can hardly help it
Want to tell you things
I should never confess
Baby when you touch me
Sends a shiver through me
To you I surrender
For all my life
I feel so amazed
When you're not near
Cause baby I would wait forever
Just to see your face
And I don't know if I told you
(I don't know if I told you)
You can't go 'til I've told you
(You can't go 'til I've told you)
That I think you are
The sweetest thing
You touch my hand
Oh here I'll show you
Well do it again
It's like I told you
That I think you are
The sweetest thing
I don't know if I told you
(I don't know if I told you)
You can't go 'til I've told you
(You can't go 'til I've told you)
That I think you are
I don't know if I told you
(I don't know if I told you)
You can't go 'til I've told you
(You can't go 'til I've told you)
That I think you are
The sweetest thing
Oh I think you are
The sweetest thing"
"1622" "I know this pain
Why do lock yourself up in these chains?
No one can change your life except for you
Don't ever let anyone step all over you
Just open your heart and your mind
Is it really fair to feel this way inside?
Some day somebody's gonna make you want to
Turn around and say goodbye
Until then baby are you going to let them
Hold you down and make you cry
Don't you know?
Don't you know things can change
Things'll go your way
If you hold on for one more day
Can you hold on for one more day
Things'll go your way
Hold on for one more day
You could sustain
Or are you comfortable with the pain?
You've got no one to blame for your unhappiness
You got yourself into your own mess
Just lettin' your worries pass you by
Don't you think it's worth your time
To change your mind?
Some day somebody's gonna make you want to Turn around and say goodbye
Until then baby are you going to let them
Hold you down and make you cry
Don't you know?
Don't you know things can change
Things'll go your way
If you hold on for one more day
Can you hold on for one more day
Things'll go your way
Hold on for one more day
I know that there is pain
But you hold on for one more day
Break free from the chains
I know that there is pain
But you hold on for one more day
Break free, break from the chains
Some day somebody's gonna make you want to
Turn around and say goodbye
Until then baby are you going to let them
Hold you down and make you cry
Don't you know?
Don't you know things can change
Things'll go your way
If you hold on for one more day
Some day somebody's gonna make you want to Turn around and say goodbye
Until then baby are you going to let them
Hold you down and make you cry
Don't you know?
Don't you know things can change
Things'll go your way
If you hold on for one more day
Can you hold on for one more day
Things'll go your way
Hold on for one more day"
"1623" "The girl in the moon
Is alone with the stars
And the spaceships
The girl in the moon
Is alone and alive
With the dust and the air
Nothing grows
Everything is moving
But only goes in circles
And no one to talk to
Is reason enough to be blue
The girl in the moon
(We've been waiting to see)
With her dreams
(If this girl she will smile)
Has a steel melting smile
(Before she disappears)
But the girl with the blues
(You know we've been waiting here)
In the moon
(For such a long while)
Hasn't smiled in a long while
Nothing grows
Everything is moving
But only goes around her
And no one to sing to
Is reason enough to be
Blue, blue, blue x 4
The girl in the moon
With her dreams
Has a steel melting smile
But the girl with the blues
In the moon
Hasn't smiled in a long while
Blue, blue, blue x 4
Hey moon
Hey moon
We've been waiting to see
If this girl she will smile
You know we've been waiting
Here for such long while
Hey moon
la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
Hey moon
la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la ,la x 2"
"1624" "I want a dress
Nice and pale
With a hat on the top
Of the sheer tailored veil
Pink on the sash
So it matches the beads
Of Swarovski glass
I want a day full of love
How lovely
I wanna get married
Gee how's well that would be
I wanna get married
Wanna be Mrs. S-c-o-t-t
I want a house on the hill
With our own little Jack and Jill
I want a dog in the yard
With a white picket fence
And a powder blue car
I want a life full of love
How lovely
I wanna get married
Gee how's well that would be
I wanna get married
Wanna be Mrs. S-c-o-t-t
I'll make the dinner
He'll pay the bills
I'll pour the coffee
He'll drink his fill
We'll be together
For always and ever
And never be lonely again
And I...I wanna get married
Gee how's well that would be
I wanna get married
Wanna be Mrs. S-c-o
Mrs. S-c-o-t
Mrs. S-c-o-t-t"
"1625" "Hold me
A little bit closer
Tell me where you wanna be
Where you wanna be
We can write
A story in the sunrise
We can tell the legions of the sea
Legions of the sea
We'll tell them
The story goes that you and I will make it
The story goes that nothing will break this
The story goes that forever's in our hearts
When everything is lovely
When everything is fine
It's the right time
To hold on to you
When everything is broken
When everything's all wrong
It's the right time
To hold on to you
It's always the right time
To hold on to you
Whisper your name in the moonlight
Display the portrait of who you are
(Portrait of who you are)
Capture the dreams
Of our future
Command the heavens
To follow through
The heavens
To follow through
Tell them
The story goes that you and I will make it
The story goes that nothing will break this
The story goes that forever's in our hearts
When everything is lovely
When everything is fine
It's the right time
To hold on to you
When everything is broken
When everything's all wrong
It's the right time
To hold on to you
It's always the right time
To hold on to you
We never have to wonder
Where we went wrong
We're making our own way
Well none of this will crumble
If we keep believing
(Believing)
When everything is lovely
When everything is fine
It's the right time
To hold on to you
When everything is broken
When everything's all wrong
It's the right time
To hold on to you
It's always the right time
To hold onto you"
"1626" "Be safe and close darling
Your heart is precious to me
When you are exploring
Remember all you see
Is only the view of the world
From your flying machine
So distant you wander
You've lost your way it seems
Pretending you're happy
Nodoby else believes
You're ever going to come down
From your flying machine
These days you are keeping
Distinguished company
The blackbird, the robin
The tiny honeybees
I miss you my lover
You're gone through space and time
To search for another
Won't you come back and be mine?
Leave all the madness behind
From your flying machine
Everybody wants your magic elixir
Mix her and fix her
Oh, that's a trick, sir
Hold on to your hat
Watch out for black cats
All this bewitching has taken my lover away
Your heart is precious to me
When you are exploring
Remember all you see
Is only the view of the world
From your flying machine!"
"1627" "He's not eighteen, he's not twenty-five
He's closing in on forty, look at those eyes
He's searching for something, he can not describe
He's not unhappy, he's not satisfied
He falls in love with covers of slick magazines
With serious actresses on the screen
All are unattainable except in his dreams
Where his heart and his soul reside
'cause he is afraid of attainable love
Afraid it will envelop him, swallow him up
All of his life he has resisted the tug
Of attainable love, attainable love
His dance card is full, he's so much in demand
He get's nervous when his partners try to hold his hand
He's got to keep his options open, he's that kind of man
The girls he cha-cha's with never understand
They wonder if he's gay but the truth is he's not
He just won't settle for whatever it is he's got
They want to Tango, he want's to Fox Trot
Don't even think about the can can, he can't can't
'cause he is afraid of attainable love
Afraid it will envelop him, swallow him up
All of his life he has resisted the tug
Of attainable love, attainable love
Add me to the list of women
Who think you'll be different with me
Add me to the list of fools
Who flatly refuse to see that just like me
He is afraid of attainable love
Afraid it will envelop him, swallow him up
All of his life he has resisted the tug
Of attainable love, attainable
He is afraid of attainable love
Afraid it will envelop and swallow him up
All of his life he has resisted the tug
Of attainable love, attainable
All of his life he has resisted the tug
Of attainable love, attainable love
All of his life he has resisted the tug"
"1628" "Oh, Johnny and Janie, they were the perfect married couple
But not in bed
Oh, they tried taking drugs, How-To books, even Dr. Ruth
But for all intents and purposes their love life was dead
'Til one day Janie went over to the Pink Pussycat Boutique
She bought a long cylindrical thing
Now Janie is smiling, Johnny is not
Every night you can hear him sing
He says, \"Our love is bein' kept alive by artificial means
You've grown emotionally attached to that little pink machine
Our relationship is not as healthy as it seems
'Cause our love is being kept alive by artificial means''
Oh, Johnny went down to the barroom
He bought one drink, he bought two, he bought three
Oh, he moaned to the bartender, the state of his married life
Bartender said, \"Hey Bud, just listen to me''
So Johnny went over to the Pink Pussycat Boutique
He bought a plastic blow-up doll
Now Johnny is smiling, Janie is not
She is angry, she is jealous, she's appalled
She says, \"Our love is bein' kept alive by artificial means
You've grown emotionally attached to that poly-ethylene
Our relationship is not as healthy as it seems
'Cause our love is being kept alive by artificial means''
Wires
(Wires)
Switches
(Switches)
Batteries
(Batteries)
Plastic
(Plastic)
Tufts of artificial hair
Who'd ever think they could replace the love
(Love)
Humans used to share?
(Humans used to, humans used to)
(Humans used to, humans used to)
Then one fateful day those batteries died
At the same moment that, that big doll sprung a leak
Johnny looked at Janie looked at Johnny looked at Janie
Oh, they both found it difficult to speak
I wish I could say they threw those contraptions away
And fell in love all over again
But Johnny taped up that hissing woman
When Janie stole the batteries from his Sony Walkman
Because their love is bein kept alive by artificial means
They've grown emotionally attached to those modern sex machines
Their relationship is not as healthy as it seems
'Cause their love is being kept alive, love is being kept alive
Love is being kept alive by artificial means"
"1629" "Who like to talk about their feelings?
(Sensitive new age guys)
Who's into crystals, who's into healing?
(Sensitive new age guys)
Who like to dress like Richard Simmons?
(Sensitive new age guys)
Who are hard to tell from women?
(Sensitive new age guys)
Who like to cry at weddings?
Who think Rambo is upsetting?
Who tapes, 'Thirty Something' on their VCR's?
Who's got child on board stickers on their cars?
Whose last names are hyphenated?
(Sensitive new age guys)
Who loved 'Three Men and a Baby', a movie I hated?
(Sensitive new age guys)
Who's consciousness is constantly raising?
(Sensitive new age guys)
Yet, whose tax free income is amazing?
(Sensitive new age guys)
Who thinks that red meat is disgusting?
Who's into UFO's, channeling and dusting?
Who believes us when we say we have pre-menstrual syndrome?
Who doesn't know who plays in the Seattle Kingdom?
Let's ask guys who don't know who plays in the Seattle Kingdom
[Incomprehensible]
Let's ask these sensitive guys right here, hey guys
Do you know who plays in the Seattle Kingdom?
[Incomprehensible]
Ooh, good answer, good answer
Who likes music that's repetitious?
(Sensitive new age guys)
Who likes music that's repetitious?
(Sensitive new age guys)
Who's concerned about your orgasm?
Hey, wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys said
You would help me out in this song, what's goin' on?
Well, we're sensitive Christine, but not that sensitive
I guess it's more important that they have 'em
(Sensitive new age guys)
Who carries the baby on his back?
Who thinks that Shirley McLaine is on the inside track?
Who always sings on sing alongs even when
They can't stand stupid sing along songs?
[Incomprehensible]"
"1630" "I'm getting dizzy way up here I haven't been this high in years
Oh, whatever possessed me to
Blow eighty dollars on these high heel shoes
Looks like a pump, feels like a sneaker?
Do they think we're idiots? But I bought 'em
Now I'm standing in a subway car
I ride because I cannot walk far
I couldn't find an empty cab on the street
They were filled with high-heeled women with non-functioning feet
Twenty-six years ago I dreamed of wearing shoes like these
Oh, the warped mind of the preteen with her strange priorities
But this is a nightmare
Of unsteady ankles, hands waving in the air
But the looks my legs
Are getting from that man across the aisle
Almost make the pain and misery
And doctor bills worthwhile
If by chance you happen to meet
This wobbly woman walking down your street
The click of high heels on concrete
Is not the thrill of victory, it's the agony of defeat
Oh! Look at me everybody I learned this from Paula Abdul
Oh, take pity on my vanity, maybe question my sanity
Why I wear these uncomfortable things? Heaven knows
Which make me wonder about these pierced earrings
And my pantyhose, my control top
Ooh, I can see you don't want me to sing about pantyhose
You'd rather I go back to tap dancing
Like my close personal friend Paula Abdul
Who, like me, was a geek back in high school
Oh, I'm sorry, but that's not what this song is about
At least it wasn't when it started out
I pray this subway ride never ends
So I will never never have to walk again
In high heels, it's a different atmosphere
In high heels, I can see your house from here
In high heels, high heels"
"1631" ""
"1632" ""
"1633" ""
"1634" "If you'll step inside this great glass elevator
It'll take us up above the city lights
To where the planet curves away to the equator
I want to show you something fine
You can see the roads that we all traveled just to get here
A million minuscule decisions in a line
Why they brought us to this moment isn't clear
But that's all right, we've got all night
Could it be that the many roads
You took to get here
Were just for me to tell this story
And for you to hear this song
And your many hopes
And your many fears
Were meant to bring you here all along
So if you'll trust me with your time I'll spend it wisely
I will sing to you with all I have to give
If you traveled all this way, then I will do my best to play
My biggest hits (that don't exist)
And if you'll lend to me your ear I'll sing 'em pretty
I will never, ever sing 'em out of tune
And I will not forget the words,
of any chorus, bridge, or verse
I promise you
CHORUS
We've got Benjamin to play that old piano
If we're lucky it's a little out of tune
We've got Andy on the guitar 'cause I promised him
Some Texas barbecue
How I love to watch you listen to the music
'Cause you sing to me a music of your own
As I cast out all these lines, so afraid that I will find
I am alone, all alone
Could it be that the many roads
I took to get here
Were just for you to tell that story
And for me to hear that song
And my many hopes
And my many fears
Were meant to bring me here all along
We were meant to be right here all along"
"1635" "I grew up in a little town
A southern mix of lost and found
Where most folks seem to stick around
But I could hear the highway song
I'd sit out on the dock till dawn
And dream about the great beyond
(I dreamed that I was)
A world traveler
Set me loose to find my way
Just get me out on the road someday
With my sails unfurled
So many mysteries
I wanted to unravel
If I could travel the world
Soon enough I had my way
I saw the world the Lord has made
Mostly from the interstate
But I had hardly seen a thing
Until I gave a golden ring
To the one who gave her heart to me
(And I became)
A world traveler
That's the day I hit the road
'Cause I walked the hills of the human soul
Of a tender girl
I'm a world traveler
She opened the gate and took my hand
And led me into the mystic land
Where her galaxies swirl
So many mysteries
I never will unravel
I want to travel the world
Take a left at the end of my street
Just a few doors down
Up the hill and into the trees
There's a hole in the ground
Where we traveled the caverns so deep
We wandered the wonders so wide
It was right beneath our feet
All this time, all this time
Tonight I saw the children in their rooms
Little flowers all in bloom
Burning suns and silver moon
And somehow in that starry sky
The image of the Maker lies
Right here beneath my roof tonight
(So hold on tight, I'm a)
World traveler
Pack yours bags and dig down deep
Let's ride the storms and sail the seas
To the distant pole
I'm a world traveler
Into these uncharted lands
To blaze a trail in the vast expanse
Of the heart and soul
In the grace of the God of peace
Let's wade into the battle
Come on, come on with me
And get up in that saddle
There's a million mysteries
I never will unravel
Come on, let's travel the world"
"1636" "I was nineteen, you were twenty-one
The year we got engaged
Everyone said we were much too young
But we did it anyway
We bought our rings for forty each
From a pawn shop down the road
We said our vows and took the leap
Now fifteen years ago
We went dancing in the minefields
We went sailing in the storm
And it was harder than we dreamed
But I believe that's what the promise is for
\"I do\" are the two most famous last words
The beginning of the end
But to lose your life for another I've heard
Is a good place to begin
'Cause the only way to find your life
Is to lay your own life down
And I believe it's an easy price
For the life that we have found
And we're dancing in the minefields
We're sailing in the storm
This is harder than we dreamed
But I believe that's what the promise is for
So when I lose my way, find me
When I loose love's chains, bind me
At the end of all my faith, till the end of all my days
When I forget my name, remind me
'Cause we bear the light of the Son of Man
So there's nothing left to fear
So I'll walk with you in the shadowlands
Till the shadows disappear
'Cause he promised not to leave us
And his promises are true
So in the face of all this chaos, baby,
I can dance with you"
"1637" "I can see the storm descending on the hill tonight
Tall trees are bending to your will tonight
Let the mighty bow down
At the thundering sound of your voice
I can hear the howling wind and feel the rain tonight
Every drop a prophet in your name tonight
And the words that they sing
They are washing me clean, but
How long until this curtain is lifted?
How long is this the song that we sing?
How long until the reckoning?
And I know you hear the cries of every soul tonight
You see the teardrops as they roll tonight
Down the faces of saints
Who grow weary and faint in your fields
And the wicked roam the cities and the streets tonight
But when the God of love and thunder speaks tonight
Down the faces of saints
Who grow weary and faint in your fields
And the wicked roam the cities and the streets tonight
But when the God of love and thunder speaks tonight
I believe You will come
Your justice be done, but how long?
You are holiness and grace
You are fury and rest
You are anger and love
You curse and you bless
You are mighty and weak
You are silence and song
You are plain as the day,
But you have hidden your face--
For how long? How long?
And I am standing in the stillness of the reckoning
The storm is past and rest is beckoning
Mighty God, how I fear you
How I long to be near you, O Lord
How long until the burden is lifted?
How long is this the song that we sing?
How long until the reckoning?
And I know that I don't know what I'm asking
But I long to look you full in the face
I am ready for the reckoning"
"1638" "We chose the spot, we dug the hole
We laid the maples in the ground to have and hold
As Autumn falls to Winters sleep
We pray that somehow in the Spring
The roots grow deep
And many years from now
Long after we are gone
These trees will spread their branches out
And bless the dawn
He took a plane to Africa
He gathered up into his arms
An orphan son
So many years from now
Long after we are gone
This tree will spread its branches out
And bless the dawn
So sit down and write that letter
Sign up and join the fight
Sink in to all that matters
Step out into the light
Let go of all that's passing
Lift up the least of these
Lean into something lasting
Planting trees
She rises up as morning breaks
She moves among these rooms alone
Before we wake
And her heart is so full; it overflows
She waters us with love and the children grow
So many years from now
Long after we are gone
These trees will spread their branches out
And bless the dawn
These trees will spread their branches out
And bless someone"
"1639" "I am weary with the pain of Jacob's wrestling
In the darkness with the Fear, in the darkness with the Fear
But he met the morning wounded with a blessing
So in the night my hope lives on
When Elisha woke surrounded by the forces
Of the enemies of God, the enemies of God
He saw the hills aflame with angels on their horses
So in the night my hope lives on
I see the slave that toils beneath the yoke unyielding
And I can hear the captive groan, hear the captive groan
For some hand to stay the whip his foe is wielding
Still in the night my hope lives on
I see the armies of the enemy approaching
And the people driven, trembling, to the shore
But a doorway through the waters now is opening
So in the night my hope lives on
Like the son who thought he'd gone beyond forgiveness,
Too ashamed to lift his head--but if he could lift his head
He would see his father running from a distance
In the night my hope lives on
I can see the crowd of men retreating
As he stands between the woman and their stones
And if mercy in his holy heart is beating
Then in the night my hope lives on
I remember how they scorned the son of Mary
He was gentle as a lamb, gentle as a lamb
He was beaten, he was crucified, and buried
And in the night, my hope was gone
But the rulers of earth could not control Him
They did not take his life--he laid it down
All the chains of death could never hope to hold him
So in the night my hope lives on"
"1640" "God of my fathers
Huddled in the harbor
Every man an ocean from his home
Their captors could not keep them
When they heard the drums of freedom
The dream of a kingdom
In a land they've never known
And God of my fathers
Strangers in this country
Pilgrims on these dusty roads
Across the great plains
In the bellies of the steel trains
To stake a new claim
In that wilderness of hope
Like my fathers I am looking for a home
Looking for a home beyond the sea
So be my God and guide me
Till I lie beneath the hills
Then let the great God of my fathers
Be the great God of my children still
God of my grandfathers
Gone these many years now
I guess they're shining like the sun
And I envision them
Grinning at the finish
And they smile and they smile,
'Cause they love to see me run
CHORUS
Now we're counting stars and counting sand
Little feet and little hands
We're counting joys
We pray you'll know them
As you knew us when you wove us
As you hold us
Hold them, please hold them
Like their father, they are looking for a home
Looking for a home beyond the sea
So be their God and guide them
Till they lie beneath these hills
And let the great God of their father
Be the great God of their children,
Let the great God of my fathers
Be the great God of my children still"
"1641" "Why don't the mountains make me cry no more?
They don't sing the way they did before
They're just piles of stone
As dead as bones
Like corpses on a field of war
And they just don't make me cry no more
And the highway's like an old sad song
People moving through their lives alone
On the run from grace
From place to place
Like fugitives without a home
And the highway's like an old sad song
And my heart is black as coal
It's been mined and there ain't no gold
It's so dark in there
But I don't care
I will lay down in the this empty hole
Where my heart is black as coal
And oh, there is nowhere left to go from here
I have fallen past the last frontier
But at the bottom of this well I hear you breathing
Love below me
Love around me
Love above me
Love has found me
Love has found me here
So lay me down
Oh, lay me down in a field of golden
Lay me down
Oh, lay me down in a field of golden
Lay me down
(Love above, love below me)
Oh, lay me down in a field of gold and green"
"1642" "Somewhere along the Scottish coast
And emerald island lies
And I will steer my sailing boat
Unto the Isle of Skye
The weather's always changing
From heavy cloud to fair
And even when it's raining
It's always lovely there"
"1643" "One two three two.
It's so easy to cash in these chips on my shoulder,
So easy to lose this whole tongue like a tiger.
It's easy to let all this bitterness smolder,
Just to hide it away like a cigarette lighter.
It's easy to curse and to hurt and to hinder.
It's easy to not have the heart to remember
That I am a priest and a prince in the kingdom of God.
I've got voices that scream in my head like a siren,
Fears that I feel in the night when I sleep.
Stupid choices I made when I laid in the mire,
Like a kid in the mud on some dirty, blind street.
I've got sorrow to spare, I've got loneliness too.
I've got blood on these hands that hold on to the truth,
That I am a priest and a prince in the kingdom of God.
Well I swore on the bible to not tell a lie, but I've lied and lied.
And I've crossed my heart and I hoped to die, and I've died and died.
But if it's true that you gathered my sin in your hand and you cast it as far as the east from the west,
If it's true that you put on the flesh of a man, and you walked in my shoes through the shadow of death,
If it's true that you dwell in the halls of my heart, then I'm not just a fool with a fancy guitar.
No, I am a priest and a prince in the kingdom, I am a priest and a prince in the kingdom of God."
"1644" "You could no more kill the darkness
Than you could raise the sun
And the sky was cold and black
Like the barrel of a gun
And I remember the tremble
In the words you spoke
As you balanced there on the brink
At the end of your rope
You came so close to letting go
And you knew she would hate you
She would kick you out
You'd been lying in the bed that you made
When you broke your vow
Then you woke in the wasteland
Of the truth you told
And you turned to see she stayed,
She was bright as a band of gold
You came so close to letting go
So don't let go, 'cause you never know
Don't let go, you never know for sure
And the sky in Nashville
It can bend you low
'Cause the winter here is gray
Without a trace of snow
But there is no shadow
On the silver stars
And the colder the night is,
The closer the heavens are
And we're so close
So don't let go
'Cause this I know
Don't let go
This I know for sure:
There's still hope"
"1645" "Come climb the hill with me
Come and be still with me
Come watch the sun sink away
If you will with me
Come watch the garden grow
Down by the gravel road
Come warm your hands in the gold
Of the afterglow
Into the peace of these wild things,
Into the wild of this grace,
Into the grace of this blessing,
Speak in the peace of this place
Come walk the cedar stand
Over the broken dam
Sit on the bench at the bend in the trail again
Look how the children laugh
Out in the tumble grass
Bright as a fire and as fine as a photograph
CHORUS
Here at the magic hour
Time and eternity
Mingle a moment in chorus
Here at the magic hour
Bright is the mystery
Plain is the beauty before us
Could this beauty be for us?
What is this voice that sings
Holy and hovering
Over this hill in the still of the evening?
(Son of God, speak)"
"1646" "I remember once I broke down in the country
I was sixteen with a broken heart in bloom
And I walked home through the pines
Nobody saw me but the moon
By sunrise I could hear the church bells ringing
I got there as the saints were marching in
I sat down on the back row
And heard the story once again
And the servants of the secret fire
Were gathered there
The embers of the ages
Like a living prayer
And all at once I saw the shadows flee
Shine your light on me, on me
Be a light unto my path
And a lamp unto my feet
They flew us down to Oklahoma City
Yeah, but I could hardly stand there on the stage
So sick I couldn't speak
And the fever wouldn't break
But when I stepped up to the microphone I heard it
It was the voices of the brothers at my side
They were singing out my song
When the song in me had died
Oh, shine your light on me
Somebody come and get me when I'm gone
Two years ago I drove into a darkness
I straightened every curve on Cane Ridge Road
And I could hear the flapping wings
Of every devil I have known
And the inside of my car was like a casket
But then it flooded with a blaze of sacred light
She was calling me back home
And as I pulled into the drive
I knew the servants of the secret fire
Were gathered there
The embers of the ages
Like a living prayer
She was standing on the porch where I could see
Shine your light on me, on me
Be a light unto my path
And a lamp unto my feet"
"1647" "I know you've been afraid
Don't know what to do
You've been lost in the questions
I don't know what to say
I'm sure if I were you
I'd proceed with some caution
But I want you to know
When the joy that you feel
Leaves a terrible ache in your bones
It's the voice of Jesus
Calling you back home
I know you've got a lot
Spinning in your head
All this emptiness fills you
Maybe you could try
Laying in your bed
To ask the silence to still you
And you might hear a beat
On the door of your heart
When you do, let it open up wide
It's the voice of Jesus
Calling you his bride
Once upon a time there was a little boy
Who wandered the forest, abandoned
And he heard in the leaves
And behind every tree
The sound of a secret companion
Following
So listen, little girl,
Somewhere there's a King
Who will love you forever
And nothing in the world
Could ever come between
You, my love, and this Lover
So when I kiss you at night
And I turn out the light
And I tell you you're never alone
It's the voice of Jesus
Calling you
It's the voice of Jesus
Calling you his own"
"1648" "Well, we took a train to Kensington
And listened to the children run
Just beyond the garden gate
Where Peter and Wendy played
There was a sign that said we weren't allowed
To duck inside and join the crowd
Without a son or daughter's hand
To lead us into Neverland
And it hurt so bad
But it's so good to be young
And I don't want to go back
I just want to go on and on and on
Day by day, day by day
And everybody's so surprised
When right before your very eyes
Your baby's in the second grade
You blink and it's her wedding day
And we just can't get used to being here
Where the ticking clock is loud and clear
Children of eternity
On the run from entropy
And it hurts so bad
But it's so good to be young
And I don't want to go back
I just want to go on and on and on
Day by day, day by day
So don't lose heart
Though your body's wasting away
Your soul is not
It's being remade
Day by day by day
Well, you have never met a single soul
Who didn't feel the curse's toll
Who didn't wish that death would die
Maybe that's the reason why
And it hurts so bad
But it's so good to be young
And I don't want to go back
I just want to go on and on and on
So don't lose heart
Though your body's wasting away
Your soul is not
It's being remade
So don't lose heart
Don't lose heart
Your body will rise and never decay
Day by day by day"
"1649" "When I look at you, boy
I can see the road that lies ahead
I can see the love and the sorrow
Bright fields of joy
Dark nights awake in a stormy bed
I want to go with you, but I can't follow
So keep to the old roads
Keep to the old roads
And you'll find your way
Your first kiss, your first crush
The first time you know you're not enough
The first time there's no one there to hold you
The first time you pack it all up
And drive alone across America
Please remember the words that I told you
Keep to the old roads
Keep to the old roads
And you'll find your way
You'll find your way
If love is what you're looking for
The old roads lead to an open door
And you'll find your way
You'll find your way
Back home
And I know you'll be scared when you take up that cross
And I know it'll hurt, 'cause I know what it costs
And I love you so much and it's so hard to watch
But you're gonna grow up and you're gonna get lost
Just go back, go back
Go back, go back to the ancient paths
Lash your heart to the ancient mast
And hold on, boy, whatever you do
To the hope that's taken hold of you
And you'll find your way
You'll find your way
If love is what you're looking for
The old roads lead to an open door
And you'll find your way
You'll find your way
Back home"
"1650" "I remember the day of the Tennessee flood
The sound of the scream and the sight of the blood
My son he saw as the animal died
In the jaws of the dog as the river ran by
I said, \"Come back soon.\"
It's there on the page of the book that I read
The boy grew up and the yearling was dead
He stood at the gate with the angel on guard
And wept for the death of his little boy heart
I say, \"Come back soon.\"
We wake in the night in the womb of the world
We beat our fists on the door
We cannot breathe in this sea that swirls
So we groan in this great darkness
For deliverance
Deliverance, O Lord
I sit on the bench at the bend in the trail
And I can feel in the fall the final exhale
The trees of the field all wring their hands
And the leaves go by like a funeral band
I say, \"Come back soon.\"
We wake in the night in the womb of the world
We beat our fists on the door
We cannot breathe in this sea that swirls
So we groan in this great darkness
Are we alone in this great darkness?
If nature's red in tooth and in claw
Then it seems to me that she's an outlaw
'Cause every death is a question mark
At the end of the book of a beating heart
And the answer is scrawled in the silent dark
On the dome of the sky in a billion stars
But we cannot read these angel tongues
And we cannot stare at the burning sun
And we cannot sing with these broken lungs
So we kick in the womb and we beg to be born
Deliverance!
Deliverance, O Lord!"
"1651" "You are not alone
I will always be with you
Even to the end
You don't have to work so hard
You can rest easy
You don't have to prove yourself
You're already mine
You don't have to hide your heart
I already love you
I hold it in mine
So you can rest easy
Do not be afraid
Nothing, nothing in the world
Can come between us now
You don't have to work so hard
You can rest easy
You don't have to prove yourself
You're already mine
You don't have to hide your heart
I already love you
I hold it in mine
So you can rest easy
You work so hard to wear yourself down
And you're running like a rodeo clown
You're smiling like you're scared to death
You're out of faith and all out of breath
You're so afraid you've got nowhere left to go
Well, you are not alone
I will always be with you
You don't have to work so hard
You can rest easy
You don't have to prove yourself
You're already mine
You don't have to hide your heart
I already love you
I hold it in mine
You can rest easy"
"1652" "I will hold your hand, love
As long as I can, love
Though the powers rise against us
Though your fears assail you
And your body may fail you
There's a fire that burns within us
And we dream in the night
Of a city descending
With the sun in the center
And a peace unending
I will carry the fire for you
And we kneel in the water
The sons and the daughters
And we hold our hearts before us
And we look to the distance
And raise our resistance
In the face of the forces
Gathered against us
And we dream in the night
Of a king and a kingdom
Where joy writes the songs
And the innocent sing them
I will carry the fire for you
Oh, sing on, sing on
When your hope is gone
Sing on, sing on (Light up the darkness)
And we dream in the night
Of a feast and a wedding
And the groom in his glory
When the bride is made ready
I will carry the fire for you"
"1653" "Can't you feel it in your bones
Something isn't right here
Something that you've always known
But you don't know why
'Cause every time the sun goes down
We face another night here
Waiting for the world to spin around
Just to survive
But when you see the morning sun
Burning through a silver mist
Don't you want to thank someone?
Don't you want to thank someone for this?
Don't you ever wonder why
In spite of all that's wrong here
There's still so much that goes so right
And beauty abounds?
'Cause sometimes when you walk outside
The air is full of song here
The thunder rolls and the baby sighs
And the rain comes down
And when you see the spring has come
And it warms you like a mother's kiss
Don't you want to thank someone?
Don't you want to thank someone for this?
I used to be a little boy
As golden as a sunrise
Breaking over Illinois
When the corn was tall
Yeah, but every little boy grows up
And he's haunted by the heart that died
Longing for the world that was
Before the Fall
Oh, but then forgiveness comes
A grace that I cannot resist
And I just want to thank someone
I just want to thank someone for this
Now I can see the world is charged
It's glimmering with promises
Written in a script of stars
Dripping from prophets' lips
But still, my thirst is never slaked
I am hounded by a restlessness
Eaten by this endless ache
But still I will give thanks for this
'Cause I can see it in the seas of wheat
I can feel it when the horses run
It's howling in the snowy peaks
It's blazing in the midnight sun
Just behind a veil of wind
A million angels waiting in the wings
A swirling storm of cherubim
Making ready for the Reckoning
Oh, how long, how long?
Oh, sing on, sing on
And when the world is new again
And the children of the King
Are ancient in their youth again
Maybe it's a better thing
A better thing
To be more than merely innocent
But to be broken then redeemed by love
Maybe this old world is bent
But it's waking up
And I'm waking up
'Cause I can hear the voice of one
He's crying in the wilderness
\"Make ready for the Kingdom Come\"
Don't you want to thank someone for this?
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Come back soon
Come back soon"
"1654" "I saw the desert wind
Tear across the wilderness
I felt it blowing off the page
The teacher told me, \"Son,
Always remember this\"
And I have always been afraid
I read about the God of Moses
Roaring in the holy cloud
It shook my bedroom window panes
I did not understand then
I do not understand now
I don't expect you to explain
You've been a mystery since the moment that I met you
You never move but I can never seem to catch you
The Cornerstone
You said to eat your flesh
Before you broke the bread and blessed it
Before you poured the wine for every man
This is a hard, hard teaching
Can any man accept it?
Can any sage here understand?
You turned the tables over
There in your father's temple
You cracked a whip and raised a shout
My daughter asked me why
I said, \"Love is never simple
It draws 'em in and drives 'em out.\"
I saw you there but it was too late to change my course
And I collided with a beautiful immovable force
And so the stone that I rejected
It has become the Cornerstone
All the maps were drawn
But the maps were wrong
The stars spin around
Another sun
All the maps were drawn
But the maps were wrong
The rivers are running from
The Cornerstone
And you looked me in the eye and fixed me with a permanent stare
I met your gaze and saw the forges of the firmament there
The Cornerstone
And the floods come up
And the rains come down"
"1655" "Do you remember, Jody Baxter
When the whippoorwill sings
How you stole across the pasture
To the little hidden spring?
Where you laid down by the water
On a bed of Spanish moss
And dreamed
When wind was on the prairie
And the fire was in the stove
With the wood you had to carry
From the corner of the grove
And your daddy let you disappear
With all your fishing gear
Into the cove
And it was good, good, good
But now it's gone, gone, gone
And there's a little boy
Who's lost out in the woods
Always looking for the fawn
I remember, Jody Baxter
When I hid out in the corn
How the clouds were moving faster
With the coming of the storm
And I knew that I had broken
Something I could not repair
And I mourned
Because the field was green as Eden
Then it withered into brown
In the middle of my grieving
They came and cut it down
And I was sure that it was all my fault
The day they mowed the garden
To the ground
What was good, good, good
Is gone, gone, gone
And there's a little boy
Who's lost out in the woods
Always looking for the fawn
So come back to me
Please, come back to me
Is there any way that we can
Change the ending of this tragedy?
Or does it have to be this way?
I can see you, Jody Baxter
Now you're broken by the years
As you lie down in the aster
And listen for the deer
And I'm a million miles away
But I still pray the fawn can find me
Here"
"1656" "Do you remember how we used to drive
Over the mountain and down to the river bend
Where the ghosts of the valley all haunt the tracks
The highway calls your stories back again
Oh, Jamie, I'm all alone out here, and all I used to know is in the wind
And now, I don't recognize a thing
I need a brand new song to sing
So tell me the story I still need to hear
Tell me we're gonna make it out alive again
I need to know there's nothing left to fear, there's nothing left to hide
So will you look me in the eye, and say we will survive
Someday the truth's gonna lay us bare
We're gonna raise a glass to the past and say
It's only when the straight line breaks and heals a little crooked
That you ever see the grace
Well I had to find a better place; maybe the bend in the river's the only way
And I'm lost -- got all these voices in my head
I need some hope up there instead
So tell me the story I still need to hear
Tell me about the sun that's gonna rise again
I need to know there's nothing left to fear, there's nothing left to hide
So will you look me in the eye, and say we will survive
We will survive
Do you remember how I used to say
Love is a fire and it's gonna burn us up
To make the space for grace to grow
Well, now it feels like love has called my bluff
So tell me the story I still need to hear
Tell me about the love that never dies
Tell me the story I still need to hear
Tell me we're gonna make it out alive again
I need to know there's nothing left to fear
There's nothing left to hide
So when you look me in the eye, I know we will survive
We will survive
I know we will survive
I know we will survive"
"1657" ""
"1658" ""
"1659" "You got all that emotion that's heaving like an ocean
And you're drowning in a deep, dark well
I can hear it in your voice that if you only had a choice
You would rather be anyone else
I love you just the way that you are
I love the way He made your precious heart
Be kind to yourself Be kind to yourself
I know it's hard to hear it when that anger in your spirit
Is pointed like an arrow at your chest
When the voices in your mind are anything but kind
And you can't believe your
Father knows best
I love you just the way that you are
I love the way He's shaping your heart
Be kind to yourself
Be kind to yourself
How does it end when the war that you're in
Is just you against you against you
Gotta learn to love, learn to love
Learn to love your enemies too
You can't expect to be perfect
It's a fight you've gotta forfeit
You belong to me whatever you do
So lay down your weapon, darling
Take a deep breath and believe that I love you
Be kind to yourself
Be kind to yourself
Be kind to yourself
Gotta learn to love, learn to love Learn to love your enemies
Gotta learn to love, learn to love Learn to love your enemies too"
"1660" ""
"1661" ""
"1662" "And when the winter is over
The flowers climb through the snow
The willows weep and the clover bloom
Then all at once you hear a song
That's stronger than the noise
Rejoice
Rejoice
And when the peace turns to danger
The nights are longer than days
And every friend has a stranger's face
Then deep within the dungeon cell
You have to make a choice
Rejoice
Rejoice
Rejoice
And again I say
And again I say
And again I say
And again I say
Rejoice
Be still and know that the Father
Will hasten down from His throne
He will rejoice over you with song
So set your face against the night
And raise your broken voice
Rejoice
Rejoice
Rejoice
And again I say
And again I say
And again I say
And again I say
Rejoice"
"1663" "Well, I want to say I'm sorry but I don't know how
But I'm sorry, I'm so sorry now
I said some words to you I wish I never said
I know words can kill 'cause something's dead
And now my heart is like a catacomb
And I'm praying we can find a way to raise these bones
Again, oh, again
Well, I want to say I'm sorry but it's not enough
To close the wounds I opened up
So now I've got this sorrow and you've got that hurt
And we can't go back to who we were
Oh, but could that mean I'm someone new
Maybe I can love you better than I failed to do
Before the war
They'll tell you everything was beautiful and pure
But there was poison in the well from years before
And now I'm cleaning up this wreckage on the shore
And I don't want to fight with you no more
So I want to say I'm sorry that I drew the line
I built the wall, the fault is mine
And maybe now the only way to find some peace
Is just to give it time and trust in grace
So this is my communion hymn
I want to sit beside you at the feast, my friend
Again, again and again
And again"
"1664" "Oh God, I am furrowed like the field
Torn open like the dirt
And I know that to be healed
That I must be broken first
I am aching for the yield
That You will harvest from this hurt
Abide in me
Let these branches bear You fruit
Abide in me, Lord
As I abide in You
So I kneel
At the bright edge of the garden
At the golden edge of dawn
At the glowing edge of spring
When the winter's edge is gone
And I can see the color green
I can hear the sower's song
Abide in me
Let these branches bear You fruit
Abide in me, Lord
Let Your word take root
Remove in me
The branch that bears no fruit
And move in me, Lord
As I abide in You
As the rain and the snow fall
Down from the sky
And they don't return but they water the earth and bring they forth life
Giving seed to the sower, bread for the hunger
So shall the word of the Lord be with a sound like thunder
And it will not return, it will not return void
We shall be led in peace
And go out with joy
And the hills before us
Will raise their voices
And the trees of the field will clap their hands as the land rejoices
And instead of the thorn now
The cypress towers
And instead of the briar the myrtle blooms with a thousand flowers
And it will make a name
Make a name for our God
A sign everlasting that will never be cut off
As the earth brings forth sprouts from the seed
What is sown in the garden grows into a mighty tree
So the Lord plants justice, justice and praise
To rise before the nations till the end of days
As the rain and the snow fall
Down from the sky
And they don't return but they water the earth and they bring forth life
Giving seed to the sower, and bread for the hunger
So shall the word of the Lord be with a sound like thunder
And it will not return, it will not return void
It will not return, it will not return void
It will not return, it will not return void
We shall be led in peace
And go out with joy
And the sower leads us
And the sower leads us
And the sower leads us"
"1665" ""
"1666" ""
"1667" ""
"1668" ""
"1669" ""
"1670" ""
"1671" ""
"1672" ""
"1673" ""
"1674" ""
"1675" ""
"1676" ""
"1677" ""
"1678" ""
"1679" "I never see your crazy face
Smiling, laughing, screaming my name (like that)
Suddenly your eyes disappear in the night
I run as fast as I can
It's strange, it's strange, it's strange
To praise the love that you had
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
As if it was missing from your heart
It's more than I can bear
It can't be real
Too strange for me
I see ghost
Gunfighters
I see ghost
Gunfighters
Oho oho oho (oh oh oh)
Oho oho oho
I feel my body falling deep
Nothing to catch me when I sleep
The fever and hallucinations tonight
Brought me to the eternal dark
It's strange, it's strange, it's strange
To praise the love that you had
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
As if it was missing from your heart
It's more than I can bear
It can't be real
Too strange for me
I see ghost 
Gunfighters
I see ghost 
Gunfighters"
"1680" ""
"1681" ""
"1682" ""
"1683" ""
"1684" ""
"1685" "Sweet little girl
What's on your mind ?
Just live it on the other side
Your own lead old town
Is telling you
It's time to say goodbye
One falling star in my head
Falling star in my head
One falling star in my head
Falling star in my head
Baby live my (...)
Be a dancing queen
Be your own mirror
Leaving on behind you
Get of the street
Forever
Lady drasting blue
At on the floor
I let the music in your mind
Your brand new heart
It's calling you
It's time to say goodbye
One falling star in my head
Falling star in my head
One falling star in my head
Falling star in my head
Baby leave your sweet dream
Your my dancing queen
On your own picture
Just grow and become
What you mean to be
Forever"
"1686" ""
"1687" ""
"1688" ""
"1689" ""
"1690" ""
"1691" ""
"1692" "Adieu, sweet Amaryllis
For since to part your will is
Oh, heavy tiding
Here is for me no biding
Yet once again
Ere that I part with you
Ere that I part with you
Adieu, belle Amaryllis
Te souviens tu de nos promesses
Mon coeur est lourd
Et les sanglots de l'ocean se prennent
Dans ma peine
Je pars avant que l'aube
Que l'aube ne vienne
Oh, heavy tiding
Here is for me no biding
Yet once again
Ere that I part with you
Ere that I part with you
Adieu, sweet Amaryllis
For since to part your will is
Oh, heavy tiding
Here is for me no biding
Yet once again
Ere that I part with you
Ere that I part with you"
"1693" "Candles glowing gently in the dark
A clock is ticking softly in the night
And I swiftly walk in my father's steps
On my tiptoes, quiet as a mouse
Father, dear father
Will you be proud of me?
I wish I could be
Just like you
The house is sleeping and we must be still
A forbidden world on the other side
And my heart's beating, my heart's beating wild
I can do it all with you by my side
Father, dear father
Will you be proud of me?
I wish I could be
Just like you"
"1694" "Rain like tears from a star
Tomorrow I'll be gone
I know it deep in my soul
I know that soon I'll be gone
Wish you could hear me calling
Calling you through the rain
I know it deep in my soul
I know that soon I'll be gone"
"1695" "My luve's like a red rose
That's newly sprung in June
My luve's like a melodie
That's sweetly play'd in tune
As fair as thou, my bonnie lass
So deep in luve am I
And I will love thee still, my dear
Fare thee well, my only luve
And fare thee well a while
And I will come again, my luve
Tho' it ware ten thousand mile
As fair as thou, my bonnie lass
So deep in luve am I
And I will love thee still, my dear
Till a' the seas gang dry, my dear
And the rocks melt wi' the sun
I will love thee still, my dear
While the sands o' life shall run
My luve's like a red rose
That's newly sprung in June
My luve's like a melodie
That's sweetly play'd in tune
As fair as thou, my bonnie lass
So deep in luve am I
And I will love thee still, my dear
Till a' the seas gang dry, my dear
And the rocks melt wi' the sun
I will love thee still, my dear
While the sands o' life shall run
Till a' the seas gang dry, my dear
And the rocks melt wi' the sun
I will love thee still, my dear
While the sands o' life shall run"
"1696" "My young love said to me, \"My mother won't mind
And my father won't slight you for your lack of kind\"
And she stepped away from me and this she did say
It will not be long, love, till our wedding day\"
As she stepped away from me and she moved through the fair
And fondly I watched her move here and move there
And then she turned homeward with one star awake
Like the swan in the evening moves over the lake
The people were saying no two e'er were wed
But one had a sorrow that never was said
And I smiled as she passed with her goods and her gear
And that was the last time that I saw of my dear
The people were saying no two e'er were wed
But one had a sorrow that never was said
And I smiled as she passed with her goods and her gear
And that was the last time that I saw of my dear"
"1697" "Comme le chant des pierres
Qui rsonnent en silence
Comme l'eau qui serpente
Et qui gronde sous moi
Tu sais je reviendrai
Dans ma terre d'enfance
Au pays des rves
Des fes et des rois
L-bas mon amour
Loin de la ville
Il fait plus froid
Et les jours sont fragiles
Brumes d't
Les cloches et les les
Tu verras
J'irai l-bas
Comme Brian Boru
Roi de l'Irlande
Je prendrai la mer
Et je rendrai les armes
Brian Boru
Bientt je serai de retour
E keltia
Comme le chant des pierres
Qui rsonnent en silence
Comme l'eau que serpente
Et qui gronde sous moi
Tu sais je reviendrai
Dans ma terre d'enfance
Au pays des rves
Des fes et des rois
L-bas mon amour
Loin de la ville
Il fait plus froid
Et les jours sont fragiles
Brumes d't
Les cloches et les les
Tu verras
J'irai la bas
Comme Brian Boru
Roi de l'Irlande
Je prendrai la mer
Et je rendrai les armes
Brian Boru
Bientt je serai de retour
E keltia"
"1698" "Tenval an eur
Tenval an deiz
Fransez ma zad
Siwazh aet
Evit ma zad e skuilhan daerou
Hen Dug diwerzhan Breizh
Vit ma zad e teu din an ton-man
Un ton vit ma zad kaezh
Et ces larmes sont pour mon pre,
Et je maudis cent fois la guerre,
Il aimait cette terre."
"1699" "There are little people living here
Ain't no joke ah ah ah
Ain't no lie, I swear to you
And I will prove it to you now
One is hiding in the kitchen
Are you scared? ah ah ah
One is hiding in a jar
I will never let them go
I will chase you little people
I will never stop until you're caught
Like a rat in a trap
Spring cleaning time has come
I will chase you, I will find you
I will never stop until you're caught
Like a rat in a trap
I will never let you go
One is hiding in the storage
Are you scared? ah ah ah
One is hiding in a pot
I will never let them go
I will chase you little people
I will never stop until you're caught
Like a rat in a trap
Spring cleaning time has come
I will chase you, I will find you
I will never stop until you're caught
Like a rat in a trap
I will never let you go"
"1700" "So many years have passed
The dew is still on the roses
I left my childhood
In a garden green
Come in the garden and look at the trees
I used to play there when I was a child
Squirrels and birds, little fairies
Settled down there long ago
So many years have passed
The dew is still on the roses
I left my childhood
In a garden green
Come in the garden and sit on the grass
I used to sit there when I was a child
Ivy and moss, little daisies
Covered the lane long ago
So many years have passed
The dew is still on the roses
I kept my memories
In that garden green
I kept my memories
In that garden green"
"1701" "Si le vent demeure ici
Dun do shil a run mo chroi
Il ne tisse que des mensonges
Ii chante au creux des songes
Et miroir apres miroir
Tu sais les souvenirs se melent
Et je cherche nos ombres qui dorment
Avant que le jour ne vienne
Le vent m'emporte ailleurs
Kaset oan war ar mor
Perdue a jamais
A ya gan(t) an avel
War aodou ar c'hornog
Et le vent m'aura menti
Dn do shil a rn mo chro
Il ne reste que des mensonges
Cachs au creux des songs
Et miroir aprs miroir
Tu sais o les regrets me mnent
Et j'entends nos ombres sans les voir
Avant que le jour ne vienne
Le vent m'emporte ailleurs
Kaset oan war ar mor
Perdue a jamais
A ya gan(t) an avel
War aodou ar c'hornog
Et miroir aprs miroir
Tu sais o les regrets me mnent
Et j'entends nos ombres sans les voir
Avant que le jour ne vienne
Le vent m'emporte ailleurs
Kaset oan war ar mor
Perdue a jamais
A ya gan(t) an avel
War aodou ar c'hornog
Le vent m'emporte ailleurs
Kaset oan war ar mor
Perdue a jamais
A ya gan(t) an avel
War aodou ar c'hornog"
"1702" "Golden skin and brown hair
Spiller is coming home
Spiller is coming home
As sly as a little fox
He knows every tree and track
And the secrets of the wind
With a bow and a quiver
Spiller is hunting alone
From dawn till day is done
He will guide you through the night
'Cause he knows every hidden trail
From the river to the woods
Golden skin and brown hair
Spiller is coming home
Spiller is coming home
What a strange and tasty meal
Cricket's legs and strawberries"
"1703" "A str mo chro when you're far away
Far from the land you'll be leaving
It's many a time by night and by day
That your heart will be sorely grieving
For the stranger's land may be bright and fair
And rich in its treasures golden
But you'll pine I know for long, long ago
And the love that is never olden
A str mo chro when the evening's mist
Over mountain and sea is falling
Won't you turn a str to erin's shore
And the ones that you're leaving behind you
For the sound of a voice that is surely miss
For somebody's quick returning
A ruin, a ruin, oh won't you come back soon
To the one who will always love you
A str mo chro when you're far away
Far from the land you'll be leaving
For the stranger's land may be bright and fair
And rich in its treasures golden
But you'll pine I know for long, long ago
And the love that is never olden
A str mo chro when you're far away
Far from the land you'll be leaving
It's many a time by night and by day
That your heart will be sorely grieving
A str mo chro when you're far away
Far from the land you'll be leaving
It's many a time by night and by day
That your heart will be sorely grieving"
"1704" "I'm fourteen years old, I am pretty
Genki na chiisai lady
Yukashita ni zutto
Karigurashi shitetano
Toki ni wa happy, toki ni wa blue
Dareka ni aitai
Kaze kami ni kanjite
Sora wo nagametai
Anata ni hana todoketai
Mukou wa betsu no sekai
Hora chou-chou ga matteru
Watashi wo matteiru
Sou kawaru koto mo nai
Watashi no chiisai sekai
Kirai janai no demo anata wo
Motto motto shiritakute
Yorokobi to kanashimi
Wa itsumo orimazatteyuku
Kaze kami ni kanjite
Sora wo nagametai
Anata ni hana todoketai
Mukou wa betsu no sekai
Hora chou-chou ga matteru
Anata wo matteiru"
"1705" "'Cause it's you, you and me forever
Our love will never die
Don't you cry, please stay for a while
Before you go away
You changed my world, I feel stronger
I can see the rising sun
Forever in my heart you'll stay
Sail the river back to me
'Cause the river knows the way
Oh, my love, life is a journey
Got your life in front of you
Sail the river back to me
'Cause the river knows the way
Oh, my love, life is a journey
Got your life in front of you
Say goodbye, please take my hand
I guess it's time to leave
Wish you knew, wish you knew that our love
Was written in the stars
I'll hide my tears behind a smile
Don't want you to see me cry
Forever in my heart you'll stay
Sail the river back to me
'Cause the river knows the way
Oh my love,life is a journey
Oh, my love, life is a journey
Sail the river back to me
'Cause the river knows the way
Oh, my love, life is a journey
Got your life in front of you"
"1706" "I am the sunshine and you are the moon
We live under different skies
But if the sun could open his heart to the moon
I'm sure he would say
Moon, should I try to hide
The way I feel inside?
Moon, oh would you be mine
If I could melt your heart?
You teach me to read between the lines
You make my heart feel stronger
Sadness and fear may be waiting ahead
Forever I know we'll be friends
Ooh ooh, should I try to hide
The way I feel inside?
Ooh ooh, oh would you be mine
If I could melt your heart?
Moon, should I try to hide
The way I feel inside?
Moon, oh would you be mine
If I could melt your heart?
Moon, should I try to hide
The way I feel inside?
Moon, oh would you be mine
If I could melt your heart?"
"1707" "I am a young maiden, my story is sad
For once I was carefree and in love with a lad
He courted me sweetly, by night and by day
But now he has left me and gone far away
Oh if I was a blackbird, could whistle and sing
I'd follow the vessel my true love sails in
And in the top rigging I would there build my nest
And I'd flutter my wings to his broad golden chest
He sailed o'er the ocean, his fortune to seek
I missed his caresses and his kiss on my cheek
Oh if I was a blackbird, could whistle and sing
I'd follow the vessel my true love sails in
And in the top rigging I would there build my nest
And I'd flutter my wings to his broad golden chest
Then he offered to marry and to stay by my side
But then in the morning he sailed with the tide
I am a young maiden, my story is sad
Oh if I was a blackbird, could whistle and sing
I'd follow the vessel my true love sails in
And in the top rigging I would there build my nest
And I'd flutter my wings to his broad golden chest"
"1708" "Mary is a sailor
Dreaming of northern shores
Lost galleons on the sea
Mary ever on her way
O can you sail and come back?
O can you leave away?
Temples of gold and hidden lands
Mary, I don't want to wait
Knocking on the door, he came by
Knocking on the door, he tried out
Knocking on the door, he turned back
Mary, won't you marry me?
Mary is a corsair
Dreaming of (old) treasures
Wild tempest on the sea
Mary ever on her way
O can you hear the foghorn?
O can you see the waves?
Ivory foam and gloomy rain
Mary, I don't want to wait
Knocking on the door, he came by
Knocking on the door, he tried out
Knocking on the door, he turned back
Mary, won't you marry me?
Knocking on the door, he came by
Knocking on the door, he tried out
Knocking on the door, he turned back
Mary, won't you marry me?
Mary was a sailor
But she is drowned to die
She sleeps under the sea
Mary ever on her way
Waited for a long time
Longed to see her face
My love's under the sea
She will never marry me
Oh Mary...
Oh Mary...
Tell me just one...
Mary, won't you marry me?
Knocking on the door, he came by
Knocking on the door, he tried out
Knocking on the door, he turned back
Mary, won't you marry me?
Knocking on the door, he came by
Knocking on the door, he tried out
Knocking on the door, he turned back
Mary, won't you marry me?"
"1709" "Look up at the sky if you feel lonely
This is the same sky I stare at too
I remember the day your eyes fell on me
So shining eyes now I'm wondering
Why are you sad?
You knew I had to leave
'Cause I live in a different world
Still I'm not so far away from you
I feel so small down in the garden
My mind is restless when I think of you
We're so alike and so different
Not only friends so promise me
Please don't be sad
Although it's time to leave
If this is true love
Please save a place in your heart for me"
"1710" "I'm fourteen years old, I am pretty
I'm a teeny tiny girl, a little lady
I live under the kitchen floor
Right here, not so far from you
Sometimes I feel happy, sometimes I feel blue
In my dreams oh I wish I could
Feel my hair blowing in the wind
See the sky in the summer rain
Pick a flower from the garden for you
Beyond the lane there's another world
Butterflies floating in the air
Is there someone out there for me?
And so life goes on day after day
With knick-knacks on the floor, nooks and crannies
I live in a tiny world
But out there someone waits for me
I wish I had someone to watch over me
In my dreams oh I wish I could
Feel my hair blowing in the wind
See the sky in the summer rain
Pick a flower from the garden for you
Now I know there's another world
Butterflies floating in the air
There is someone out there for me"
"1711" "Supper is done and night has come
My father worked hard all day long
Let's have tea together near the fireplace
And talk for hours
My house, my home
Is so small, so pretty
My mom, my dad
We are family
Joy everywhere
Memories
In the house I adore
Mama hangs a picture on the wall
It's time to sleep and daddy yawns
Let's have tea together near the fireplace
And talk for hours
My house, my home
Is so small, so pretty
My mom, my dad
We are family
Joy everywhere
Memories
In the house I adore"
"1712" "Sitting in the garden, walking on the road
I feel so sad, I feel alone
I try to hide the way I feel inside
Can't you see the sparkles in my eyes?
Sadness and fear are waiting ahead
Wherever you'll be I know we'll be friends
Would you be mine if I could melt your heart?
Would you see the sparkles in my eyes?
I'll be waiting for you
I swear I'll be waiting
Come rain or come shine
I will wait for you, my friend
I'll be searching for you I swear
Day and night I will wait
Sitting in the garden, walking on the road
I feel so sad, I feel alone
I try to hide the way I feel inside
Can't you see the sparkles in my eyes?"
"1713" "I wish I were on yonder hill
(And) there I'd sit and cry my fill
(And) ev'ry tear would turn a mill
And a blessing walk with you, my love
I'll sell my rod, I'll sell my reel
I'll sell my only spinning wheel
To buy my love a sword of steel
And a blessing walk with you, my love
Siil siil siil a ruin
Siil go sochair agus siil go ciuin
Siil go doras agus ealaigh liom
Is go dte tu mo mhuirnin slan
I wish, I wish and I wish in vain
I wish I had my heart again
And vainly think I'd not complain
And a blessing walk with you, my love
Siil siil siil a ruin
Siil go sochair agus siil go ciuin
Siil go doras agus ealaigh liom
Is go dte tu mo mhuirnin slan
Siil siil siil a ruin
Siil go sochair agus siil go ciuin
Siil go doras agus ealaigh liom
Is go dte tu mo mhuirnin slan
Siil siil siil a ruin
Siil go sochair agus siil go ciuin
Siil go doras agus ealaigh liom
Is go dte tu mo mhuirnin slan
But now my love has gone to France
To try his fortune to advance
If he e'er comes back it's but a chance
And a blessing walk with you, my love
Siil siil siil a ruin
Siil go sochair agus siil go ciuin
Siil go doras agus ealaigh liom
Is go dte tu mo mhuirnin slan"
"1714" "Love at first sight
Just one look from your eyes
Just one word from your mouth
My heart was yours
My every dream
I feel joy, I feel pain
I'm so afraid of losing you
Stars may fall and the storms may come
You will be in my mind forever
Though I know it's time for farewell
Here we stand with trembling hearts
Here we stand with sparkles in our eyes
I must be dreaming
Is this a magic time?
Is this a fairytale?
Or are you an angel
Are you sent from heaven
Just for me?
Don't you know that
The stars will fall and the storms will come
You will be in my mind forever
Though we know it's time for farewell
Here we stand with trembling hearts
Here we stand with sparkles in our eyes"
"1715" "In this precious little house table is always set
With silver spoons and china cups on a silver tray
Chandeliers and candlelight, it's such a cosy place
Many paintings on the walls in their golden frames
Take care of the doll's house, my father used to say
It was built for little people and maybe one day
They will come into the doll's house, live there forever
They will, they will, they will
In this pretty little house the kitchen is my favourite place
Tiny plates, little forks, it looks so real
Cooking pots and baking pans, it's such a perfect place
Would you like a cup of tea or a piece of cake?
Take care of the doll's house, my father used to say
It was built for little people and maybe one day
They will come into the doll's house, live there forever
They will, they will, they will"
"1716" "By the hills and lands
Where my heart has gently grown.
And where the trees are in bloom forever.
I could spend my whole life with you.
Under a shady grove just waiting for the stars.
We would have a shelter at the top of the highest tree.
We would look at the sky before we sleep.
Promise me, we will live underneath the stars.
The nightengale will sing, \"La la la la la\".
It's a sweet song.
Underneath the stars,
We would be lovers from the hill.
By the hazy mountains my love's sweetly grown
And where the secrets are kept forever.
I could spend a lifetime with you
under a white maple tree staring at the skies.
We would have a shelter at the top of the highest tree.
We would look at the sky before we sleep.
Promise me, we will live underneath the stars.
The nightengale will sing, \"La la la la la\".
It's a sweet song.
Underneath the stars,
We would be lovers from the hill.
Promise me, we will live underneath the stars.
The nightengale will sing, \"La la la la la\".
It's a sweet song.
Underneath the stars,
We would be lovers from the hill."
"1717" "C'est une histoire
Du temps pass
chappe d'un songe
Simple mensonge
Ou vrit
Pour qui veux l'entendre
Auprs d'un chne
Abandonn
Un enfant repose
Dans un carr de laine
Et l'arbre assoupi
tends ses branches
\"Berce l'enfant
tout contre lui\"
Refrain:
Entendez-vous l-haut
Cette chanson comme une symphonie
resteront- elles closes
Les portes vers le paradis?
L'enfant s'endort
Paupires closes
Si loin de chez lui
Toutes les toiles du ciel
Vont le veiller ensembles
Du fond de la nuit
\"Couvre l'enfant
Manteau d'argent\"
Refrain:
Entendez-vous l-haut
Cette chanson comme une symphonie
resteront- elles closes
Les portes vers le paradis?
Entendez-vous l-haut
Cette chanson comme une symphonie
resteront- elles closes
Les portes vers le paradis?
Messire le Vent
Je vous en pris
Entendez ma cause
Vous qui soufflez au dehors
Menez l'enfant
Sur le dos de la brise
\"Portez l'enfant
Dans son bereau\"
Refrain:
Entendez-vous l-haut
Cette chanson comme une symphonie
resteront- elles closes
Les portes vers le paradis?
Entendez-vous l-haut
Cette chanson comme une symphonie
resteront- elles closes
Les portes vers le paradis?"
"1718" "I knew something was wrong
That morning when I logged on to Facebook
Something about my profile seemed asked
I did my status updated, checked them newsfeed items
And then it hit me
Yesterday I had forty-three friends, but today forty-two
Defriended
I miss your little face
It hurts to be deleted
Am I that easy to erase?
Defriended
I send you virtual sushit
I superpoked you endlessly
And now you set me free
Why did I raise my hopes?
I must have read three hundred of your posts
You always looked so happy in them photo-tags I see
Did you put your trust in that Google Plus?
Are you twiddling off a Tweet?
Is Friendster more of a friend to you than me?
Defriended
I miss your half-inch face
It hurts to be deleted
Am I that easy to erase?
Defriended
I send you virtual sushit
I superpoked you endlessly
And now you set me free
I could have had a Mafia War with you
We could have grown a Farmville or two
It's not me, it's not you, but after all we've been through
I'd even let you pet me in your petting zoo
Will you log on?
Will you log on?
If I refriend you, would you refriend me?
If I refriend you, would you refriend me?
Will you log on?
If I refriend you, would you refriend me?
If I refriend you, would you refriend me?
If I refriend you, would you refriend me?
If I refriend you, would you refriend me?
If I refriend you, would you refriend me?
If I refriend you, would you refriend me?"
"1719" "Walking past my lover's house
Bitter taste still in my mouth
Too much whiskey, too much smoke
Last night's tears hang on my coat
But now the rain has stopped its fall
Streets shine like a mirror ball
Sun comes on, it's just enough
Watch the flower's waking up
It's washing day, it's washing day
Colors run and they fade away
It's washing day, it's washing day
Feel the threads like new again
Big machines all in a row
Mother with her child in tow
Change old paper for silver coins
Lose myself in all this noise
Wake up from a peaceful rest
Counting down, one minute left
Cotton stops its jog in place
I hold it warm against my face
It's washing day, it's washing day
Colors run and they fade away
It's washing day, it's washing day
Feel the threads like new again
What's this in my dungarees
In my back pocket, curled and creased
My old notebook, filled with you
Our secrets now just streaks of blue
It's all a mess but beautiful
This emptiness, a gift I hold
I write a poem with you in mind
And leave the memories behind
I leave the memories behind
It's washing day, it's washing day
Colors run and they fade away
It's washing day, it's washing day
Feel the threads like new again
Feel the threads like new again
Feel the threads like new again"
"1720" "I like missing you in the mornings
when the air's too cold to feel nice.
And I like hearing your sneakers stomping
down the stairs when you stomp out of sight,
and I like how all your walls surround you,
so that I can't ever come inside
and I like holding you and then falling down.
I like feeling your arms around me
and then sneaking out in the morning light
and I like going away sometimes
for a lonely day and a lonely night
and I like singing my nonsense loudly
and then whispering the things I hide
and I like holding you and then falling down.
Oh and I like you when you're out of view
'cause I have this perfect picture in my mind
And I like you and it feels so true
'cause I have this perfect picture, yeah
and it's become a fixture,
this pretty, pretty picture of you in my mind.
I like trying to read your scribbles
because they keep me guessing everytime.
And I like wondering if you want me
and then you tell me this feels just right.
And I like waking up in the mornings
as our shadows get flushed by the light
and I like holding you and then falling down.
I'm falling down.
I'm falling down.
I'm falling down."
"1721" "You always loved the colors and the details, so here's mine: I snuck out down a dark 17th Street late last night. I took my little orange book lamp and the notebook with the stars on the front, the sleeping bag that my ex gave to me to keep me warm, and a black fountain pen to write the words that it was too late to say out loud.
And my eyes turned green, like they do when I'm crying, and my heart it went to blue 'cause you told me that I might not be what you need, you want to try more out, but you're the only thing I can't stop thinking about.
Yeah, I like you a lot.. and I think it's worse than that.
You said you love it when all the words in a song move really fast and your ears have to choose just one little phrase to hold on to. And you love it when all the chords are really simple so you can play it on the guitar, and then when it goes to a funny one at the end you like that too (insert funny chord here). And so I'll build you a song, and I know you're gonna love it 'cause I'm putting in all the pieces that you said you wanted in it and I'm writing it here in my room in just my underwear and an orange t-shirt 'cause I know that you'd think that was hot.
Yeah hot, like that day that you called sick for work because we'd stayed out too late at The Cheesecake Factory the night before and we held hands on the beach, and I found that crab in a funny shell, and you took video of me holding it up by the newly painted blue motel. And you said \"I like you a lot\" and I thought 'well, this couldn't get much better.'
You said you were so happy you met me when you did 'cause you were starting to think you didn't like people. And you told me that when I moved that I could still stay in your room for weeks. But now I'm wondering if I imagined it or if it was ever really there 'cause they say even in magic nothing truly disappears, it just gets stuffed up somebody's sleeve or behind their hand or on top of their head.. and you forgot to keep your eye on it, you were looking down instead.
So now I'm the fool up on stage at the magic show searching the deck for my card while everyone laughs because they know that it's in plain sight to see, yeah it's stuck on your forehead, but I can't think you're mean 'cause I volunteered to be misled.
Yeah 'cause I like you a lot.. but I don't know what to do with it now.
And I like you a lot.. but I didn't think it'd hurt this bad.
And I like you a lot.. and we both know that it's worse than that."
"1722" "Too young to understand why she went away
Too old to admit that I wouldn't be okay
So I hardened my heart that day
I wiped the feelings off my face
She said it was her and it wasn't my fault
It wasn't my fault
But when somebody leaves
Just like they all do
It's easy to think
That it might be you
When somebody leaves
Like they all do
It ain't easy
His eyes told me we were through and he'd be okay
I just looked down as my true love walked away
And it hardened my heart that day
But I wiped the feelings off my face
He said it was him
And it wasn't my fault
Was it my fault
'Cause when somebody leaves
Like they all do
It's easy to think
That it might be you
When somebody leaves
Like they all do
It ain't easy
But I will stay strong and I will stay busy and
I won't lean too much to your side
And in July we'll call it freedom
And one day this sheen that covers my eyes
Will melt away
It'll fall drip down by the wayside
I just need time
This town was feeling so small and I needed space
So I packed my things in my blue suitcase and I drove away
But it hardened my heart that day
When he wiped his feelings off his face
Cause he thought it was him
But it wasn't his fault
No it was just me
But when somebody leaves
Like we all do
It's easy to think
That it might be you
When somebody leaves
Like we all do
It ain't easy
It ain't easy
It ain't easy"
"1723" "Suddenly you?re shaken with pain
Shooting down inside you
And now you?re crumbling away
But this isn?t like you
It doesn?t stop ?til it breaks down all you know
Your breathing locks and your balance goes
Ladadadadadadada
It takes a minute
Ladadadadadadada
It doesn?t finish
Ladadadadadadada
You?re breaking faster
Ladadadadada
You?re nothing after
There?s nothing after
You try to make your escape
But the blows keep on coming
And as the dust clears away
You start to notice something
Each time a piece crashes down into the floor
You?re a little lighter than just before
Ladadadadadadada
It takes a minute
Ladadadadadadada
It doesn?t finish
Ladadadadadadada
You?ll see it after
Ladadadadada
When you look backwards
When you look backwards"
"1724" "Bouncy ball lovers
Exploding in colors as they
Lean down over the pier
Move like the tide
On an October night
And they laugh
Till they run out of air
The moon sets
Beneath the ocean line
Watch it go down down
As their emotions
Start to rise
Far away sound
Of the waves
Unchosen their strides
Slowly they open,
Like arms
That were folded
Like eyes
That woke up in the sun
Cautious to feel,
And anxious to heal
This loneliness
That had begun
She fell in the bed
In his arms
They tumbled around
Their heads lost
Beneath eachothers hearts
The walls were surrounded
In unfinished art
They fit together
Like love on a letter
Like tulips
On a table for two
And on that same day
As she left for Santa Fe
He said,
\"I'm rather crazy for you\"
And he brushed down
His hair to one side
And he went through the rounds
Of his knuckles popping
From the left to the right
He took out his canvas
And painted blue-green lines
Oo oo oo"
"1725" "Had my canvas primed in white, some water by my bed, a wooden palette smeared with reds and gray s and blues. Dipped my brush into the paint, traced the outline of your face, then I washed it clean for color number two. There's a little drop of paint in a mason jar of water that turned every last ounce a crimson hue. And it's the same with you, you had a minute with my heart, now you color everything that I do. Stew pot's on the boil, house was filled with steam, bowls and spoons in twos like Noah's ark. Dash of salt and spice to make it like you like, bring it to my lips and there you are. There's a little pinch of salt in a ladle full of comfort that opens all the flavors into bloom. And it's the same with you, you had a minute with my heart and now you color everything that I do. A flower turns its face to the sun. Snow melting makes the river run. Tide rises high to meet the moon, meet the moon. There's an echo in my ear sounding like your voice, a feeling that fills any empty room. You had a minute with my heart and I live it every day 'cause when you brushed against my heart it soaked through. And now my whole world is tinted with you. Yeah, you color everything that I do."
"1726" "In the Creases
Youre the smell of the toast that you made in the mornings.
Youre the page in my book that I keep to myself.
Youre the unlocking sound when I turn my door key.
Youre the scar that I have from the time that I fell.
I cant describe the faces.
I cant recall the names.
But you remain..
I keep you in the creases.
I hide you in the folds.
Protect you from the sunlight.
Shield you from the cold.
Everybody said they were glad to see you go.
But no one ever has to know.
Youre the part of the moon that blends into the blackness.
Even though we know its really still there.
Youre the song that I sing and I dont need to practice.
Youre the green shirt I keep though its too small to wear.
I cant describe the faces.
I cant recall the names.
But you remain..
I keep you in the creases.
I hide you in the folds.
Protect you from the sunlight.
Shield you from the cold.
Everybody said they were glad to see you go.
But no one ever has to
No one ever has to know the things that I refuse to see
And all the nights I still cant sleep.
I curl up in the sheets
Between the creases where you used to be.
Once love wakes it never sleeps
Even when you love a dream."
"1727" "I found a little pot, took it in the kitchen
And filled it with some dirt, planted a chrysanthemum
And you should've seen how it turned my mood to yellow
It turned my mood to yellow in a day
I read about a boy who suffered depression
His parents hung a mirror inside his bedroom
And they made him smile at it three times a day
'Til it took his depression away
And it goes to show that there's a natural way
Of healing what we're feeling inside
It goes to show that before we prescribe
We should first try a simple smile
So I drive out to the middle of nowhere
And I turn little as I stare up at the stars in the sky
And these heavens erase any worries I face
If I look up once in a while
And it goes to show that there's a natural way
Of healing what we're feeling inside
It goes to show that before we prescribe
We should first try a simple smile
Give it a
Smile, smile, smile
Just a little
Smile, smile, smile"
"1728" "He recognized the fracture line and asked
How bad's the pain
I said it's feeling worse than ever, can't you make it go away
He studied my heart up and down and said
I've never seen one quite this bad
I'll wrap it up if you want me to but I
Must be warning you
A split won't work, a cast won't last
A band-aid will come unglued
The only way to heal your heart
Is keeping loving til one loves you
Ooh the doctor said it's true
Ooh now get better soon
Well I knew that I couldn't wait and he'd walked out the door
So I grabbed the Novacaine and some pills from his drawer
And when I got home I held my heart and
Bandaged all those ugly scars
Numbed the pain and popped the pills until my heart went still
And life just passed by every day like every day before
I felt no love, I felt no pain
I played my part and nothing more
Ooh the doctor said it's true
Oooh now get better soon
I couldn't stand the pain
I couldn't stand the pain
I couldn't stand the pain so I washed it away
I couldn't stand the pain
I ran into the doc last weekend at the grocery superstore
He asked me how's it feeling and I said it's barely sore
But he saw my eyes so dark and blank and that
Practiced smile on my face
He said there's one more thing to do and I think it might cure you
Write down everything you loved about the one you knew
Then love yourself in that same way and in no time you'll be brand new
Ooh the doctor said it's true
Oooh now get better soon
Ooh get better soon
Ooh get better soon
The doctor said today it can all go away
Now get better soon"
"1729" "Show your weakness
Let
Your tears fall when you?re
Feeling blue
Show your
Weakness
I?ll be on your side
Even when you lose
I know what
It?s like to build a wall
I know
What it?s like to be alone
I know
What it?s like to need
Someone
Show your weakness
Let
Your tears fall when you?re
Feeling blue
Show your
Weakness
I?ll be on your side
Even when you lose
Every day
The sun will rise
Every night a
Star will shine
Don?t you think
It?s time to
Show your
Weakness
Let your tears fall when
You?re feeling blue
Show your
Weakness
I?ll be on your side
Even when you lose
Even when you
Lose
Just ?cause you keep it
All inside
Don?t mean that you
Are strong
Show your
Weakness
Show your
Weakness
Let your tears fall when
You?re feeling blue
Show me your
Weakness
I?ll be on your side
Even when you lose
I?m on your
Side even when you lose
And I?ll
Show my weakness too"
"1730" "He fell in love with me, then I fell in love with you
And now I am watching you follow her out the door
Of my house, and it feels so mean
I didnt know youd moved on to another heart
While I was picking mine up with its broken parts
I did it to him, you did it to me
Shell do it to you cause were 23 years old
And thats what we do when were 23
And I still remember watching you in November
Like a Hollywood movie on the silver screen
And you looked so good in 2-D
That I fell blindly for you like hed fallen for me
And I recognized the same look in your eye yesterday
As you watched her through your camera with the split-second delay
I did it to him, you did it to me
Youre next on the list cause shes 23 years old
And thats what we do when were 23
And I wouldnt take it back cause now I know more about me
But I shouldve had a laugh earlier cause its pretty silly
How we slide along the winning edge and the losing edge and the middle
And we dance around and poke ourselves on this love triangle
I did it to him, you did it to me
Shes doing it to you, we should start dating people that are 30 at least
Cause thats what we do when were 23 years old
And thats only half of the stupid stuff we do when were 23 years old
And thats what we do when were 23"
"1731" "Nu r den skna sommarn hr
med lust och fgring stor.
Och bruna ben och tunna skor
och mesen som i holken bor
och doft av hgg och kaffekask
och burken full av mask.
Och knappt har solen sjunkit ner
s brjar den g opp.
Och i fabriken r det stopp,
p skorstenspipans hgsta topp
har sdesrlan byggt sitt bo.
Allt andas frid och ro.
Och vr fabriks direktr
gr det strlande fr.
Han tog kosingen med sig
och stack, som dom gr
frn en tyngande skatt.
Och nu ryktas det att
han med skattmasen leker tafatt.
Sen r den skna hsten hr
som vi har vntat p,
med gula lv och mogna br
och ppeltrn med pplen p
och kylig natt och blsig dag
och litet socialbidrag
som man kan dra sig fram upp
s varfr gnlla d?
Och vr chefsingenjr
gr det strlande fr.
Han fick kosing av staten
att fortstta fr
lika glatt som frut
ngonstans sderut
gr han p parti och minut.
Sen r den skna vintern hr
som vi har vntat p.
P vintrig hrd och frusen mark
vi frdas p en gammal spark.
Frst biten till frmedlingen
och sedan ter hem igen
med samma avslag som frut.
Och sen tar vintern slut.
Men fabrikens kamrer
fr vi knappast se mer,
fr han fick det som lagen
t brottslingar ger.
Ngot r fr han g
i en kk ful och gr
fr dom siffror som han trodde p.
Sen kommer vrens skna tid
som vi har vntat p
nr bcken porlar glad och strid
och lrkan sina drillar sl
och marken gror och gr i knopp
Runtom min sysslolsa kropp
och uppt stiger trdens sav
som det blir sommar av.
Och nu ska udda bli jmnt
det har kommunen bestmt.
Fr fabriken, som utsikten
lnge har skmt,
och dr mda och slit
luktar svett, blod och skit,
tar man bort med en dos dynamit.
Sen r den skna sommarn hr
med lust och fgring stor
och bruna ben och tunna skor
och musen som i holken bor
och kaffekask och dragspelslt
och getingbon och motorbt
och Mjlkcentralens kalla glass
och utedans och utedass
och dunket frn en fiskesmack
och juice i tetrapack.
Och man r ledig och fri
och det skiter man i
fr det kvittar snart hur det ska bli."
"1732" ""
"1733" "I packed up my life in an old knapsack,
Made up my mind I'm not going back,
You and me and the open road;
And wherever we decide to go,
The moon and the stars will be our guide,
We've got the whole wide world and nothin' to hide;
If it's on your mind, you've gotta let it slide,
We're goin' where the wind blows.
Turn up the radio,
We might just figure this out as we go;
No time for takin' it slow,
So turn up the radio.
Maybe someday we'll be ready for this,
A white picket fence and a couple of kids;
I know what I'm not, and I know what this is,
And I'm not doin' it yet.
Turn up the radio,
We might just figure this out as we go;
No time for takin' it slow,
So turn up the radio."
"1734" ""
"1735" ""
"1736" "I pick up what's left of my broken heart
I pack it all back in the trunk of my car
and follow the white line,
til I'm feelin fine again
I let the rain drown my sorrows tonight
but when I wake up, I let the light
try to convince me,
I'm back on my feet again
It's not about you
I'm finally walkin
I'm singin inside
I can't hear ya talkin
and you can't believe it's true
It's not about you
I do what I can not to turn back now
I've come this far and I know somehow
so I'll keep on lookin til I find me again
It's not about you
I'm finally walkin
I'm singin inside
I can't hear ya talkin
and you can't believe it's true
It's not about you
I'm gonna drive all night
sort through this thing til I make it right
you can't believe it,
can't even believe it's true
it's not about you
it's not about you
It's not about you
I'm finally walkin
I'm singin inside
I can't hear ya talkin
and you can't believe it's true
It's not about you
I'm finally walkin
I'm singin inside
I can't hear ya talkin
and you can't believe it's true
It's not about you
I'm finally walkin
I'm singin inside
I can't hear ya talkin
and you can't believe it's true
It's not about you
It's not about you
and you can't believe it's true
it's not about you"
"1737" "I pick up what's left of my broken heart
I pack it all back in the trunk of my car
and follow the white line,
til I'm feelin fine again
I let the rain drown my sorrows tonight
but when I wake up, I let the light
try to convince me,
I'm back on my feet again
It's not about you
I'm finally walkin
I'm singin inside
I can't hear ya talkin
and you can't believe it's true
It's not about you
I do what I can not to turn back now
I've come this far and I know somehow
so I'll keep on lookin til I find me again
It's not about you
I'm finally walkin
I'm singin inside
I can't hear ya talkin
and you can't believe it's true
It's not about you
I'm gonna drive all night
sort through this thing til I make it right
you can't believe it,
can't even believe it's true
it's not about you
it's not about you
It's not about you
I'm finally walkin
I'm singin inside
I can't hear ya talkin
and you can't believe it's true
It's not about you
I'm finally walkin
I'm singin inside
I can't hear ya talkin
and you can't believe it's true
It's not about you
I'm finally walkin
I'm singin inside
I can't hear ya talkin
and you can't believe it's true
It's not about you
It's not about you
and you can't believe it's true
it's not about you"
"1738" "We saw the fire, we saw the smoke
So many questions but nobody spoke
Watching the world fall apart
From a hotel tv
Sorting through thoughts without words to convey
Feeling so helpless from so far away
Watching the world setting free
So many angels, all in one day
We will remember, theres no other way
How in the world do we ever repay
So many angels
Such a long road but weve made it to here
A step at a time in an ocean of tears
Hoping there wont be a day thats so hard to get through
Some need to fight to believe theres an end
Others in silence live a requiem
Living in honour of you
So many angels, all in one day
We will remember theres no other way
How in the world do we ever repay
So many angels
So many angels, all in one day
We will remember theres no other way
How in the world do we ever repay
So many angels
So many angels
So many angels
So many angels"
"1739" "Every lover knows this song too well
Finding out who's love they need
Some can sing it and some can tell
Others just can't find the key.
There is a magic that lasts through time
Some fall under it's spell
I hope that someday the future is kind
So I can finally tell
Somebody, somewhere, that they mean the world to me
I hope that somebody somewhere, can set this heart free
I know that somebody somewhere can show me the way
Love can be- I know that somebody somewhere is waiting for me.
If I could have any wish on a star
In a world where that dreams do come true
My wish would find you wherever you are
So I can finally say to
Somebody, somewhere, that they mean the world to me
I hope that somebody somewhere, can set this heart free
I know that somebody somewhere can show me the way
Love can be- I know that somebody somewhere is waiting for me.
I know that somebody somewhere can show me the way
Love can be- I know that somebody somewhere is waiting for me."
"1740" ""
"1741" ""
"1742" ""
"1743" ""
"1744" "Another foolish game,
I guess this time you lost,
No more keeping score, of what was said and who said what
Too bad you couldn't see
What you could've had in me
I guess you'll never know,
That's the way these stories go, no
You won't change cause you haven't
My mind's made up I'm glad because now I'm
(chorus)
Feelin' better to know I'm better
I've finally given up, on all of the things you say
You didn't love me cause if you loved me,
I'd never walk away
I'd never walk away
Someday you'll realize
This was no surprise
Why you couldn't see, when I could so easily
No matter what you do this time we're through
And it's safe to say, you've only got yourself to blame
You pushed me away and you know it
You should be ashamed and you show it now
(chorus)
Feelin' better to know I'm better
I've finally given up, on all of the things you say
You didn't love me cause if you loved me,
I'd never walk away
I'd never walk away, Yeah
(Instrumental)
You pushed me away and you know it
You should be ashamed and you show it now
(chorus)
Feelin' better to know I'm better
I've finally given up, on all of the things you say
You didn't love me cause if you loved me,
I'd never walk away
I'd never walk away, Yeah (repeat 2x)
...I'd never walk away
(Instrumental, fades out)"
"1745" "Another foolish game,
I guess this time you lost,
No more keeping score, of what was said and who said what
Too bad you couldn't see
What you could've had in me
I guess you'll never know,
That's the way these stories go, no
You won't change cause you haven't
My mind's made up I'm glad because now I'm
(chorus)
Feelin' better to know I'm better
I've finally given up, on all of the things you say
You didn't love me cause if you loved me,
I'd never walk away
I'd never walk away
Someday you'll realize
This was no surprise
Why you couldn't see, when I could so easily
No matter what you do this time we're through
And it's safe to say, you've only got yourself to blame
You pushed me away and you know it
You should be ashamed and you show it now
(chorus)
Feelin' better to know I'm better
I've finally given up, on all of the things you say
You didn't love me cause if you loved me,
I'd never walk away
I'd never walk away, Yeah
(Instrumental)
You pushed me away and you know it
You should be ashamed and you show it now
(chorus)
Feelin' better to know I'm better
I've finally given up, on all of the things you say
You didn't love me cause if you loved me,
I'd never walk away
I'd never walk away, Yeah (repeat 2x)
...I'd never walk away
(Instrumental, fades out)"
"1746" ""
"1747" ""
"1748" ""
"1749" ""
"1750" "
by Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu
Wuyupthurrunana dhawal Galupangu
ngirrpunydja ngarraku ngathinana
nhenydja ngarraku djirrmilyurruna
manhanhayurra bayma Bekulngura
nirrpungura dhuwalinydja, bapawala Banynydjiwala
Go ngilimurru nhina yarrarrayun
yolngu Bandirriya dharwulngurana
wanga marrkapmirri wanga marrkapmirri
ngarrakungu bonal nherranhara gapany gopulu
Dhuwalana dhawal Nhalilangu Gunyangara. Gunyangarriyu
Gawupu Butjumurru. Lepa-Bandirriya Guymalamurru
nhenydja ngarraku milng'milngthurruna Nambangura Bandirriya
Y..a Djarrami. y..a Batumang
nirrpungura dhuwalinydja wawawala
Wanhakana gunda Yunupuyngu. Birayngu Luku-mangamirri?
wangawuy Dhamungura, Garrabalangu Djingupangu
ya gunda Yunupuyngu, ya gunda Birayngu
ya gunda Marrulayngu, wangawuy Dhamungura luku-nherranmina
luku-nherranmina, luku-nherranmina
(English translation)
The country Galupa disappearing from sight
My mind is crying
You stand there for me
Standing, stay there, at Bekulngura
In the mind of aunty Banunydji
Come let's all sit lined together
ancestors at Bandirriya under the dharwul shade tree
beloved country, beloved country
on Gumatj ground a site cleared by me
Here are the places Nhalilangu Gunyangara, Gunyangarri
Gawupu Butjumurru, Lepa-Bandirriya Guymalamurru
You my (country) are bright in my eyes
Oh Djarrami, oh Batumang
in the mind of my brother
Where is the rock called Yunupuyngu, Birayngu Luku-mangamirri?
of that place Dhamungura, Garrabalangu Djingupangu
oh Rock Yunupuyngu, oh Rock Birayngu
oh Rock Marrulayngu, put down its feet at Dhamungura
put down its feet, put down its feet."
"1751" ""
"1752" ""
"1753" ""
"1754" ""
"1755" "M..m
M?rrma dji?awurr ??thinana, nambawu ?arru?ana Guwalil?awu
rirrakayunmina ?iyanydja milkarri, nambawu ?arru?ana Murrurr?awu
ro?iyirri rirrakayyu. y..a barrawa?ayu y..a Mutjwutj?a ga?a?i?iyu
Ga namba Guwalil?a, ga namba Warra?ika, ga namba Yumay?a, m..m
Y wulman ?thinana, y dhiya?una ?anyi?dhu dhungununayu
y b?pa Kamba-Dju?adju?a. mi??'thurruna bayma Maya?-?araka
y ???i ma??a. marrkapmirri ma??a. nhumanydja ?ayatha?ana Ruypu Milinditj
y ???i ma??a. marrkapmirri ma??a. nhumanydja ??thiya?a mil?urr Burarrapu
y namba guwalil?a, y gunambal warra?ika, y namba Yumaya?a
m..m
Two scrub fowl crying out, looking for Guwalil?a
the calls like women crying, looking for Murrurr?awu
the cries returning his mind to the jungles at Mutjmutj?a
oh place Guwalil?a, Warra?ika, Yumay?a, m..m
Oh the old man cries, from this drink
oh dad Kampa-Dju?adju?a, home Maya?-?araka bright in his mind
oh my two mums, beloved mums, hold Ruypu Milinditj
oh my two mums, beloved mums, cry for the sacred spring Burarrapu
oh the place Guwalil?a. Warra?ika, Yumay?a, m..m
Dji?awurr, the orange footed scrub fowl are family and relatives to the Gumatj"
"1756" "Living and dying
Theres people always crying
But I am never into that
Cuz I am always flying
I'm that bad boy
In a bad way
I do bad thangs
In a fun way
And I'm done mayne
But I bump brains
And you want thangs
So I give thangs
But I take thangs
And I break thangs
I told you once you know this
That I will switch your focus
Like Boston George ill blow this x2
Don't make me fuckin blow this
Buhh blow this
I can do what you can't
Yet I can't do what you can
I can't do what you do
Cuz you can't do what I do
See I'm using what I have just to get up off of my ass
And If you say I can't
Then Ill show you that I can
I'm that bad kid
With that bad bitch
I like bad thing
In them bad ways
And I bangarang
In a skrillex way
And switch a thang up in your brain
Bad boys
And bad girls
Welcome to this bad world
It's a big swirl magnet twirl
Big swirl magnet twirl x4
Net- twirl x2
Magnet twirl x2
That big swirl magnet twirrrrrrrl
See I wonder what I found
Where I spin up on this ground
I'm the party from the you
Just To find the deeper me
We're all driven by the wonder
Call it curiosity
And it seems to basis
Can't leave the chases
Just seize the basis
And run some races
I'm the fresh prince
And them bump blows
And I'm red hot
But I'm ice cold
Ill wet race your dry lane
You output your intake
Its your life
Don't eat great
Just fast fast like go-go
An ill capture like go - flowwwww
We all should see how
See how X2
To live out
We work wild
Work wild x2
See I am that wild child
Wild child x2
And I love that wild style
Wild style x2
Come on get wild now."
"1757" "Held a sign on on the corner of Pacos
with my hand in my pocket
pants made of thread
Sun beat down on my back, I was drowsy
wearing nothing for shoes and a bun on my head
you went by in a 90s ferrari
sipping' bottle of sky
draped with hearts on your chest
and you revved, i was struck by your lightning
hair was spinning i barely could breath
I turned to play-do in an instant
couldn't stray my eyes from your direction
you know, you know, you know
(Chorus)
Know, I got a picture
riddin' in the summer
with your hair flightin' fire
like the top of a rose
you blew me a kiss
with your hands raised through the ceiling
got those bustling lips
miss america
ooo
And simply put,
I was lost in obsession
I'd just seen venus, the goddess for me
next thing I know
you're off in the distance, same old story
a dream that is not meant to be
I would have chased you through the desert
wouldn't stop for water from a fountain
my face, so great for you
(Chorus)
I need a sun
then I'm headed for grace
on the right road headed for the right place
now I can see
that it's great - ow
(Chorus)
I got a picture
(I'm riding, I'm riding)
I got a picture
(I'm rollin', I'm rollin')
I got a picture
(I'm riding, I'm riding)
I got a picture
(I'm rollin', oh)
and I'm riding oh
and I'm, rollin' oh
and I'm riding, from my soul."
"1758" "oh country you bloody old miser
shake off the ancient dust of your heartless fathers
and rain pounds upon Tyne upon Tweed upon the daylight
darlings, sweating to keep you upright
how I love to leave you crooning your songs
mooning away the time to stretch farther
while he chased the lovely tails of youth turned soft and holy
makes loose the leashes and lashes of this cracked armor
all skin and bones and no home
born alone only to end me alone
all skin and bones and no home
your words digest space cruising red hot swollen lines
tight nights awake pushing forth
bring me blue, answering lashes and eyes we grow long
hard limbs protecting our colors from each other burned hollow"
"1759" "Ei cita mare cusa j' an t'la to bursa?
Ciculata e paste duse per el me masn.
Ei muns sartu cusa j' an t'la to bursa?
La vesta da spusa per la fia ca pias pi tant.
Ei bel cit, ei bel cit cusa j' an t'la to sacocia?
Dudes preie da tir ant el fim.
Ei mons pustein cusa j' an t'la to bursa?
'Na letra dal frnt, da 'na guera ca finis pi nen.
Ei cita mare cusa j' an t'la to bursa?
La vesta neira per la dona pi sfurtinaia.
Ei bel cit, ei bel cit cusa j' an t'la to sacocia?
Dudes preie da tir ant el fim.
Ei mons pustein cusa j' an t'la to bursa?
'Na letra ed 'na fia annamuraia ca peu nen smenti.
Ei veg che t'si cusa et pensi an t'la to testa?
Tanta speransa per 'na libert che as fa spet.
Ei bel cit, ei bel cit cusa j' an t'la to sacocia?
'Na duseina ed cartucci chi j'an sa mas."
"1760" "Oh, Johnny was a tall man but his memory was short
He'd forget to duck at doorways and often he'd get hurt
I took good care of him for he had no family
Actually he did, but he forgot who they be
Johnny often liked to go out on the town
He'd forget where he'd be going so he'd just wander around
I knew when he was back for I would hear the smack
Of his head hitting the doorway but tonight it was alack
Johnny came home headless, it was a great disgrace
But wherever it's a-lying there's a smile upon his face
I should have seen it coming, he finally lost his mind
But if his head don't turn up soon then all his hats are mine
Johnny came towards me but suddenly he stopped
As if trying to think of something but having no luck
Still he didn't notice that his head weren't there
'Til he took out a brush and tried to comb his hair
I said, \"Johnny where's your cranium?\" but he didn't seem to know
He just shrugged his shoulders and tried to find his nose
And the sight of him there topless made me start to cry
For I feared we'd ne'er again see eye to eye
Johnny came home headless, it was a great disgrace
But wherever it's a-lying there's a smile upon his face
I should have seen it coming, he should have stayed in bed
For now I fear he'll spend his life just trying to get ahead
Refusing to believe that he had split for good
His lower half and me searched the neighbourhood
It soon became apparent that his head we wouldn't find it
He could not retrace his steps, he was absent minded
Well years went by til late one night I heard a voice I swore
Was Johnny calling out to me, I flung open the door
Johnny's head was home, it took a taxi cab
Alas, it was too late, his body had gone bad
Johnny's head was homeless, his body was cremated
And the funeral was harder than he had anticipated
I should of seen it coming he said in his eulogy
But never thought I'd have to say I ain't got no-body
(I ain't got nobody)
Johnny came home headless, it was a great disgrace
But now his head's upon a shelf, a smile upon his face
But now his head's upon a shelf, a smile upon his face"
"1761" "And here's a letter from Bill Macy of Gainesville, Florida
It appears to me that Gainsville Sun is withholding information from the public.
Recently, there was a four-column spread about a probable murder from a gun.
Another item tells of a shooting death in Key Biscaine
A third item tells us of a soldier shooting his wife and children.
I can count on such reports in about every issue of the Sun.
We can be sure of many more incidents have occured of people being PROTECTED from injury or death, because they had a gun.
These reports can be easily obtained from the National Rifle Association.
I am sure they keep accurate records of such protection.
The failure to report these cases of protection is not fair.
I urge you to correct this.
I suggest a small box in every paper called \"Protected By Guns.\"
Simply insert the number of such protections.
On those rare days when none are noted, simply put a zero in the box.
Thanks, Bill."
"1762" "Through the ages, through war, pestilence and sleet, the Celtic culture has survived, it's songs and dances passed from father to son, from mother to daughter, from uncle to goat. And though few still speak Gaelic, the ancient language of the Celts, all hearts are still stirred by the beautiful tones of this mellifluous tongue.
Ah ma wee hach patew mae bo clee hach maneagh
Heow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow BARK meow
Saigh hough loo loo cheow dach hagh vreigh chouach mouheaugh
Douauh meah mae couchah moo ma meagh pach hooragh
And though other cultures tried to destroy them, driven no doubt by their jealousy of the Celts' fine fashion sense and edible cuisine, they did not surrender. Actually, they surrendered quite often, but they were never entirely wiped out, clinging to the corners of small islands, their voices raised in song, the clarion call of the pipes ringing out to the heavens.
(Undescribably beautiful penny-whistle solo)
Ah ma wee hach patew mae bo clee hach maneagh
Heow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow BARK meow
Saigh hough loo loo cheow dach hagh vreigh chouach mouheaugh
Douauh meah mae couchah moo ma meagh pach hooragh
Ah ma wee hach patew mae bo clee hach maneagh
Heow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow BARK meow
Saigh hough loo loo cheow dach hagh vreigh chouach mouheaugh
Douauh meah mae couchah moo ma meagh pach hooragh
Meach bo meah mea bloh meah hoo noo euach moo doo beah"
"1763" "I bought a ticket to Austrailia, for my holidays,
Got my boarding pass, found out at last,
That I was seated in the middle of the row.
The buisness man beside me smelled like Old Spice, and Gin.
The lady to my left was talkin bout her grandchildren.
Two kids behind me were screamin for their mum.
She was screamin back,
\"Wonder how come?\"
I got the worst seat on the plane,
By the time I land I'll be insane.
My legs are startin to go numb, and,
I just wanna kill someone.
I got the worst seat on the plane,
Bladders full, my back's a pain,
Next time I have somewhere to go,
Think I'll ride my bicycle.
I can't go to sleep, 'cause the pillow's too damn awkward,
So I try to watch the movie, but it starred Kevin Costner.
Earphones hurt my head, and the reading lamp was dead,
Then the pilot said \"Turbulence is on the way.\"
My food try was now on my lap,
The old lady beside me had a heart attack,
Children screamed so loud I thought my skull would crack,
Buisness man turned blue, blew up on my back!
I got the worst seat on the plane,
Time I land I'll be insane,
My legs are startin to go numb, and,
I just wanna kill someone!
I got the worst seat on the plane,
Bladders full, my back's a pain
Next time I have somewhere to go,
Think I'll just rent the video!
After seven hours I can take no more.
So I try to open the Emergency door,
But the flight attendant, tackled me to the floor,
She said \"Go back to your seat dear.\"
I said \"I'd rather get off here.\"
I got the worst seat on the plane,
I think I am now insane,
My legs are both completely numb, and,
I want to kill everyone!
I got the worst seat on the plane,
Bladder's full, my back's a pain.
The next time I get Wonderlust,
I think that I'll just take the bus.
I got the worst seat on the plane,
Got the worst seat on the plane,
Gottheworstseatontheplane!
I got the worst seat on the plane (Yeah!)
Got the worst seat on the plane (Yeah!)
Fellas I got the worstseatonthepla-a-ane!"
"1764" "I bought me an auto, an '81 Ford Escort Wagon
Now the fan it be broke and the tail-pipe it be draggin'
I feel like a schlemiel, my mechanic's fit for hangin'
I got to go to Rust Check , 'bout the price I'll be hagglin'
I can't drive it home because the muffler it be saggin'
Got a car full of pain
Satan's is my engine, Beelzebub's in my trunk
Mephistopheles' at the wheel because I'm too gosh darn drunk
Baal's my passenger and Lucifer's beside him
A demon's in the coolant, I got bats in the transmission
This Escort needs an exorcism, Pan is to blame
Got a car full of pain
I put a tiger in my tank, I let a champ spark my gas
Now I got's a demon in the hood, a pain in the ass
I think the seats are broken (Oh, no)
Okay play us some blues on that harp
Blind Lemon Trevor!
[Insert Trevor's cool harmonica solo here]
Please, please mister, take your blessed wrench
Cast out this demon horde and replace the brimstone stench
With the smell of gasoline, a heavenly muffled roar
I'll worship you oh Speedy man, Mister Goodwrench even more
Let it run, let it run, let it run, oh God, let it run
And now it purrs just like a kitten, it roars just like a lion (Roar!? What?)
I purrs just like a temple golden carved by the Mayans
Here comes the mechanic, oh no, how much?
Four hundred bucks, you piece of slime, you smell and you suck
Your father was a jackal, your mom's his sister's bitch
Got a car full of pain
Yeah I got a car full of pain
I got a car full of pain
I got a car full of pain
Got a car full of pain
I got a car full of pain
I got a car full of pain
Car full of, car full of, car full of pain
Hey"
"1765" "This week!
This week only!
No money down!
No payments till Spring!
No payments in Spring!
No payments in Summer!
No payments ever!
When?
This week!
This week only!
We pay the GST!
We pay the PST!
We pay for delivery!
We pay for everything!
How do we do it?
How do we offer these fabulous deals?
VOLUME!
We've got the most!
The best!
The worst!
We've got it all!
We've got everything!
Except one thing!
What's that?
We've got... NO STORE!
No products!
So come on down!
This week!
This week only!
No parking problems!
No parking payments!
No parking lot!
You don't have to park!
You don't even have to come!
So don't come down!
Stay away!
This week!
Every week!
Every year!
No money down!
No payment ever!
THAT'S NOTHING FOR NOTHING!!"
"1766" "I'm a shark, I'm a shark,
A killer of the ocean,
I'm a shark, I'm a shark,
And silently I strike.
I'm a shark, I'm a shark,
I'm dumber than a tree,
I only have three thoughts and they are: eat, swim, ...eat.
(He's a shark, he's a shark,)
I was swimming in the ocean,
(He's a shark, he's a shark,)
I got picked up by a boat.
A team of lonely fishermen sold me to a park,
And now my name is Billy, I'm a Theme Park Shark.
Billy, the themepark shark,
Performing tricks for tourists that have payed five bucks a head.
Billy, the themepark shark,
He looks just like a killer, but he's too well-fed.
The sight of blood once put me in a frenzy,
Now it means that it's time to clean the pool...
I'm a shark, I'm a shark,
I'm swimming in a pool,
I'm a shark, I'm a shark,
I don't have to fight for food,
I get three meals a day, and some extra on the weekend
And I'm the only shark I know who has a dental plan.
Who has a dental plan.
(He's a shark, he's a shark,)
And I'm a big attraction.
(He's a shark, he's a shark,)
They love to watch me jump,
I've been the star for years and I've never been for sale,
At least until the owners think they need a killer whale.
Billy, the themepark shark,
Jumping out football nets suspended overhead,
Billy, the themepark shark,
He looks just like a killer, but he's too well-fed.
I'm a shark, I'm a shark,
But I'm not in my natural habitat,
He's fat and old and lazy,
But I'm happy you're here.
I really hope these activists don't free Billy,
'cause out there in the wild, I'd be dead.
The sight of bloodworms put him in a feeding frenzy,
Now it means that it's time to clean the pool.
Billy, the themepark shark
Performing tricks for tourists that have payed five bucks a head,
Billy, the themepark shark,
He looks just like a killer, in the wild, he'd be dead.
Oh, Billy, (Billy) Billy, (Billy)
The number one attraction of an aqua petting zoo.
Billy, (Billy) Billy, (Billy)
The poster fish of tourism Iowa!"
"1767" "People ask us why we sing, they say we really dig your stuff
You must really love the things you do, is it enough
You've all got university degrees that should be a start
You can get a job a car a life, do you do it for the love of art
Integrity and honesty usually mean poverty
Attention in the media won't buy financial solvency
We're just here to have some laughs we don't want to lead in fashion
We don't want a record deal as long as we get the cash in
'cause we're waiting to sell out
Our GNP is what we're all about
Our budget's low, our costs are high
Without your help we'll surely die
My name is Mike and I can't afford to eat
My name is Trevor and I live out on the street
My name is Chris..... (ramble on)
So if you..... buy our tape
So if you..... buy our tape
So if you..... buy our tape
Scat
'cause we're selling out that's what we do
Is ten dollars too much to ask of you and you and you
This is the last of us you'll see unless we pay our PUC (public utilities)
We give you laughter we work and slave
So don't be the bastard that never gave
Ten dollars can go so far, you'll see us spend it at the bar
Buy our tapes or our CDs, we'll pay the GST
Got no cash, what the heck, we'll even take a cheque certified of course....
'cause we're waiting to sell out
If you don't buy our stuff we're going to pout
Think about this if you don't buy
Next set we sing American Pie
(blah blah blah)
'cause we're waiting to sell out....
oooooh.
Transcribed by Malcom Chainsaw"
"1768" "You double-clicked my heart
You've upgraded my life
You booted up my hard drive
Please be my cyber-wife
You've logged into my soul
You've downloaded my dreams
Let's go to my chat-room
And I'll show you what I mean
I wanna login to you
So I can prove my love is true
It's true I look quite stunning
But I've got a huge IQ
I wanna login to you
(Login to you)
The password's incorrect
My login was denied
So I turn it off and on again
To have another try
I got a 21\" screen
The colours'll make you dizzy
My attachments are full of love for you
But your modem still rings busy (Beep beep)
www.love
you@me.com
You can unzip all my floppy files
And spin my CD-ROM
I wanna login to you
So I can prove my love is true
It's true I look quite stunning
But I've got a huge IQ
I wanna login to you
So I can prove my love is true
It's true I look quite stunning (Oh yeah you do)
But I've got a huge IQ (192)
I wanna login to you
www.love
you@me.com
www.love
you@me.com
www.love (C'mon c'mon!)
you@me.com (Everybody now!)
www.love (Lemme hear ya!)
you@me.com (Yeah!)
www.love
you@me.com
w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w- (www.love)
(you@me.com)
I wanna login to you (www.love)
(you@me.com)
I wanna login to you (www.love)
(you@me.com)
I wanna wanna wanna yeah yeah (www.love)
(you@me.com)
www.love"
"1769" "It's great to be a nerd, It's great to be a nerd
The only light we ever see is from our moniter
We argue about comic books and Internet connections
The biggest highlight of the year is the Star Trek Convention
Our town's not big enough to sign up any stars
But we once met a red shirt who was phasered by a Borg
(Man, he knew Mr. Sulu!) (What?)
It's great to be a nerd, It's great to be a nerd
We wear our Star Trek uniforms and talk like Captain Kirk
We have our own heroes who we try to emulate
I dream of one day being as sexy as Bill Gates
We hate watching sports 'cause we're reading Carl Sagan
But we'd watch the Olympics if they played Dungeons and Dragons
(I'm a Hobbitt! Ha ha ha ha!)
It's great to be a nerd, It's great to be a nerd
We think Tolkein was a genius and Shakespeare was a turd
We rarely get a date or get talked to by a girl
Unless they're having trouble with their algebra homework
We're emotionally bereft and we're sexually frustrated
But we can download photographs of Agent Scully naked
It's great to be a nerd, It's great to be a nerd
We know the truth is out there but we'd have to leave our room
We are the nerds in your neighbourhood
Polyester's a fashion statement
But there's more room on the beach for you
'Cause we're locked in our basement
It's great to be a nerd, It's great to be a nerd
We like to wear colours that do not appear in nature
It's great to be a
Poorly-dressed fashionless
Star trekking roleplaying
Ninety pound when wet down
Pasty skinned pop drinking
Underfed genius
Yes, it's great to be a nerd"
"1770" "Me work hard five days a week
Sweeping garbage from the street
Come home not want book to read
Not 'nuff pictures for me see
Sit right down in favourite chair
Wearing only underwear
Favourite night is Saturday night
'Cause me can watch hockey fights
Me like hockey! Me like hockey!
Me no like pro basketball
'Cause me short and they all tall
Baseball slow like Forrest Gump
'Cept when Robbie spits on ump
Wrestlemania not so great
Me like to see Hulk Hogan skate
TV soccer not that hot
You play bad then you get shot
Me like hockey! Me like hockey!
Swedish players must be geeks
'Cause they still got own real teeth
Not like Finnish players names
What's a Teemu anyway?
Russians worst in history
Got stupid names like Valerie
Me like Sergei Federov
Me like him more if head were off
Ha ha ha!
Me like hockey! Me like hockey!
Me like hockey! We like hockey!
Please mister linesman let the players fight
Please mister linesman let the players fight
Please mister linesman let the players fight
Please mister linesman let the players fight
Let them fight, let them fight, let them fight
Let them fight, let them fight, let them fight
Let them fight, let them fight!
Friends come over put game on
Argue then we lay bets down
Got bag of chips and case of Bud
Should last 'til end of first period
But yankees they win the world cup
Me think they cheat use glowy puck
Maybe if we want to win her
Maybe we should play in winter
Me like hockey! Me like hockey!
Me like hockey! Me like hockey!
Yeah!"
"1771" "Special guest vocalist, Mike's dad: Bob McCormick
(Mike's dad appears courtesy of Mike's mom)
There once was a time when the country was wide. A time before cars and planes and minivans. So, to move things from one place to the other, the railroad was built. But it just didn't up and build itself. Nope, it was built by the railroad men. And among these men was a man among men among men among men among men among men, a man as tall as the sky and as wide as the land. A man who could lay track faster than anyone else could run. A man with the strength of ten men. His name was John Henry, and I'm not gonna sing about him. No, I'm gonna sing about a lesser know figure, one who doesn't deserve a song. A man as lazy as a thousand men. A man who could barely raise his own body off the ground. A man who was barely a man at all. His name was Mike McCormick.
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man
Who never really gave a damn
Only thing he worked on was his tan
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man
He'd get up in the morning to hammer in them spikes
Unless he'd been up drinking the previous night
Or if his bones weren't feeling right
Or if it looked like it was going to rain
He had a tendency of being late for work
And everyone around thought he was a jerk
He'd take long breaks and say his back was hurt
Then he'd have a drink to ease the pain
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man
Who never really gave a damn
Only thing he worked on was his tan
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man
Mike's dad: Mike! Mike! Get up, Mike!
Mike: What, what is it?
Mike's dad: Get up, it's time to go to work.
Mike: Awww, already?
Mike's dad: Well, don't you want to hammer in them spikes?
Mike: No.
Mike's dad: Oh.
His arms were like twigs and his legs were like straws
His hands were like a baby's bum they were so soft
He'd wheeze and moan and whine and cough
Then go home and take a little nap
He never got fired 'cause he was the boss' son
He just hung around and bothered everyone
Never drove a spike, not a single one
Though now and then he'd give a tap
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man
Who never really gave a damn
Only thing he worked on was his tan
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man
Mike's dad: Mike! Mike! MIKE!
Mike: What? What is it?
Mike's dad: They say they got a big machine that they say can drive in nails faster than any man alive.
Mike: Sounds like a good idea.
Mike's dad: No! No! No!
Mike: Yeah, it'll work faster.
Mike's dad: You don't understand! You see, it's gonna cost us all our jobs. You, Mike McCormick, gotta prove 'em wrong!
Mike: Okay.
So he took his hammer and hammered one time (Ow!)
He took his hammer and hammered two times (Oh, jeez!)
He took his hammer and hammered three times (Ohhh!)
Then he got crushed by a meteor and died
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man
Who never really gave a damn
Only thing he worked on was his tan
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man (steel drivin' maaaan)"
"1772" "I love you so much I need the Heimlich Maneuver
The sun goes down on another day
A day where I haven't found love
I try to eat, but all I taste
is the flavor of a broken heart
Then I saw you across the room
I gasp and my breathing stops
My heart's in my throat, or is it a potato?
I love you so much, I need the Hiemlich manuver
Your love sticks like a turkey bone in my throat
She's in my thoughts and it'll need a jolt to remove her
My love is consumating, while I'm asphyxiating
Over her
When I wake up, I'm on the floor
Faint, dizzy and alone
My stomach hurts, I think my ribs are cracked
Not sure if I'm in a dream
I turn my head, and there you are
I call out and my breathing stops
It's her again, crushing my esophagus
I love you so much, I need the Hiemlich manuver
Your love sticks like a turkey bone in my throat
She's in my thoughts and it'll need a jolt to remove her
Before my expiration, I need resuscitation
Mouth to mouth
She throws water on my face, slaps my cheek
Helps me back on my stool
She's a waitress here, but in the night
She's a student at nursing school
She comes again with a smile and the bill
I pick it up and choke again
She's charged me for my lunch and for the medical procedure
I love you so much, I need the Hiemlich manuver
Your love sticks like a turkey bone in my throat
She's in my thoughts and it'll need a jolt to remove her
For my lasting endurance, I'll need medical insurance
For my bill
For me to get some peace, I'll need a tracheotomy
And an airbag"
"1773" "The US is the eagle, Russia is the bear,
Australia is the kangaroo, cause they're kind of weird down there.
Yeah, India is the tiger, that stands so proud and tall,
But Canada is the greatest of them all.
We are the beaver, we're furry and we're free
Yeah, we are the beaver, we got two big front teeth
Yeah, we are the beaver, we can chew right through small trees
We are the beaver, we are the beaver, we are the beaver.
You might think a rodent is a pretty lame choice
For a national animal, but don't you listen to that voice.
No, cause all them birds and preditors, just take from the land
But the beaver, always gives a dam.
We are the beaver, we got cute little webbed feet
Yeah, we are the beaver, it's bark we like to eat
Yeah, we are the beaver, a nickel we complete.
Yeah, we are the beaver, we are the beaver, we are the beaver.
The eagle flies the sky above and swoops down on its prey
The big bear will maul anyone who dares gets in its way
The tiger is the greatest of the hunters today.
But the beaver it can build dams. Yeah,
The beaver it can build dams, dams, dams.
We are the beaver, we slap our tails when danger's nearby
We are the beaver, we got waterproof hides
Yeah, we are the beaver, we got big bums and beady eyes.
We are the beaver, we are the beaver, we are the beaver.
We are the beaver, our name is often used as a double entedre
We are the beaver, cause in Canada, both French and English belong
Yeah, we are the beaver, and the subject of this song is
We are the beaver, we are the beaver, we are the beaver.
I can't hear you.
We are the beaver, we are the beaver, we are the beaver
Are you getting the point?
We are the beaver, we are the beaver.
We are the beaver"
"1774" "Umm, so this is a song about Newfoundland and we wrote it about the place names and all you have to know is that all the place names in this song are real place names that we found in an atlas, 'cause we can read!
Yeah, we can read!
Yeah, literacy!
Oh Newfoundland, oh Newfoundland, ya island in the sea
I love you oh so very much, I joined the Ministry
To show you people 'round the rock when tourist season's here
Although in my opinion it' s a gem throughout the year
Well if you're one for swimming, don't think it's outta reach
You can go and take a dip along Groswater Beach
I know the name's misleading, that's quite a problem here
Instead let's go to Goobies and have ourselves a beer
From Woody Point to Come-By-Chance to good ol' Ferryland
Come take a look at Gander, Blackhead's mighty grand
Don't let the names deceive you, Newfoundland's mighty fine
So spend a night on Dildo if you think you've got the time
Well you can go to Blow-Me-Down before it get's to dark (GASP)
Oh sorry ma'am, I should have said, that's our provincial park
There's also Whippet Harbour, or maybe Butter Pot
Or maybe I'll just hit the pub I'm feeling like a shot
Well you can sail on Quidi Vidi, or look at Joe Batt's Arm
There's Placentia and there's Cow Head (MOOO!), they're so full of charm
Get married down in Kilbride, have a party in Hate Bay
Or have some screech in Fogo and forget about the day
From Woody Point to Come-By-Chance to good ol' Ferryland
Come take a look at Gander, Blackhead's mighty grand
Don't let the names deceive you, Newfoundland's mighty fine
So spend a night on Dildo if you think you've got the time
Okay, the Drinkin' Verse
*sing drunkenly here*
From Woody Point to Come-By-Chance to good ol' Ferryland
Come take a look at Gander, Blackhead's mighty grand
Don't let the names deceive you, Newfoundland's mighty fine
So spend a night on Dildo if you think you've got the time
So spend a night on Dildo if you think you've got the time
So spend a night on Dildo if you think you've got the time
COD!
Special thanks to Fiona Younger for the spelling of some placenames."
"1775" "As a little boy I dreamed of playing Rock and Roll
Playing in stadiums with every ticket sold
Seven figure income from a six string guitar
Dating gorgeous women and drivin' custom cars
Then it happened when my record went gold
Then I'm thinking what'll I do when I get old?
Can't live forever as the King of Rock
That's why I'm investing in some blue chip stocks
I got SEX, DRUGS, and RRSPs
I'm a rock and roller with financial security
SEX, DRUGS and RRSPs
I'm a guitar hero with mortgage equity.
I'm a modern rebel with a cause
I like finding loopholes in the new tax laws
My fans are reading 'bout me in the Rolling Stone
While I'm talking to my broker on the telephone.
On stage I run around like some animal
But all my money's in a compound annual
This life is dangerous but I don't care
'Cause I got insurance on my guitar and my hair!
I got SEX, DRUGS, and RRSPs
I'm a rock and roller with financial security
SEX, DRUGS and RRSPs
I'm a guitar hero with mortgage equity.
We used to be such a happy band..
Phil and Nick and Bob and Stan
But Phil choked on his vomit
And then Nick choked on his vomit
And then Stan choked on his vomit
And then so did Bob.
WHAT A BUNCH OF IDIOTS!
Their deaths sure meant an awful lot to me
'Cause now I'm getting all their royalties
They would have spent them on women and booze
But me I got commodities that just won't lose!
The things in life that I appreciate
Are any stocks and bonds that won't depreciate
My stocks are healthy and my bankroll's high
Rock and roll and real estate will never die!
I got SEX, DRUGS, and RRSPs
I'm a rock and roller with financial security
SEX, DRUGS and RRSPs
I'm a guitar hero with mortgage equity.
SEX, DRUGS, and RRSPs
I'm a rock and roller with financial security
SEX, DRUGS and RRSPs
I'm a guitar hero with mortgage equity.
I'm a guitar hero with mortgage equity.
I'm a guitar hero with mortgage equity!!!"
"1776" "Who's the guy with all the tests? He's
Sam, the guy from \"Quincy\"!
A white lab jacket, a hypodermic
Sam, the guy from \"Quincy\"!
He doesn't care if you're alive or dead
He'll perform an analysis of your head
Find out if you've bleached your hair
Try and fool him if you dare, he's
Sam, the guy from \"Quincy\"!
Oh yeah!
Bop-shoo-wop, bop-bop-shoo-wop
Bop-shoo-wop, bop-bop-shoo-wop
Was that dead guy poisoned or stabbed, just ask
Sam, the guy from \"Quincy\"!
Was his scar caused by a fork, just ask
Sam, the guy from \"Quincy\"!
He knows all of the spectrographic analyser
Blood count, sperm count, hemoglobin level
He knows how many hairs are on your head
He knows when the coffee's ready, he's
Sam, the guy from \"Quincy\"!
Oh yeah!
Bop-shoo-wop, bop-bop-shoo-wop
Bop-shoo-wop, bop-bop-shoo-wop
Where would television be without him?
Sam, the guy from \"Quincy\"!
There's nobody else who's earned our trust except for
Sam, the guy from \"Quincy\"!
Although he deserves, he never gets top-billed
Only gets the girl if she's been killed
Always the bridesmaid, never the bride
Poor Sam's only along for the ride, he's
Sam, the guy from \"Quincy\"!
Oh yeah!
Sam, the guy from \"Quincy\"!
Bop-shoo-wop, bop-bop-shoo-wop
Bop-shoo-wop, bop-bop-shoo-wop
Bop-shoo-wop, bop-bop-shoo-wop
Bop-shoo-wop, bop-bop-shoo-wop
He's Sam!"
"1777" "Ohhhh...
Santa's coming and he's gonna kick your ass
He's gonna kick your ass
He's gonna kick your ass
Santa's coming and he's gonna kick your ass
'Cause you've always been a rotten little brat
Reindeer coming and they're gonna bite your wreath
They're gonna chew your welcome mat
Swallow your kitty cat
Reindeer coming and they're gonna eat your begonias
'Cause Santa hasn't fed them in a month
Santa's coming and he's gonna kick your ass
He's gonna kick your ass
He's gonna kick your ass
Santa's coming and he's gonna kick your ass
'Cause he's sick of shoveling snow and reindeer poo
Elves are coming and they're gonna steal your turkey
Wreck your TV
Burn down your Christmas tree
Elves are coming and they're gonna trash your home
'Cause they ain't got nothing else to do
Santa's loaded with attitude
He's loud and drunk and smelly and rude
His workshop's been closed by an auditor
And Mrs. Claus ran off with her chiropractor.
Santa's coming and he's gonna kick your ass
He's gonna kick your ass
He's gonna kick your ass
Santa's coming and he's gonna kick your ass
'Cause he's had a really crappy year
Ow, my bum hurts..."
"1778" "You double-clicked my heart
You've upgraded my life
You booted up my hard drive
Please be my cyber-wife
You've logged into my soul
You've downloaded my dreams
Let's go to my chat-room
And I'll show you what I mean
I wanna log in to you
So I can prove my love is true
You're the apple of my IBM, let me interface with you
I wanna log in to you
(Log in to you)
Password incorrect
My login was denied
I gotta open up your motherboard
Put my Pentium inside
I got a 21\" screen
The colours'll make you dizzy
My attachments are full of love for you
But your modem still rings busy (Beep beep)
www dot love
you at me dot com
You can unzip all my floppy files
And spin my CD-ROM
I wanna log in to you
So I can prove my love is true
I'm free of any virus
And I've been debugged too
I wanna log in to you
So I can prove my love is true
Come be my laptop dancer, I got lotsa RAM for you
I wanna log in to you
www dot love
you at me dot com
www dot love
you at me dot com
www dot love (C'mon c'mon!)
you at me dot com (Everybody now!)
www dot love (Lemme hear ya!)
you at me dot com (Yeah!)
www dot love
you at me dot com
w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w- (www dot love)
(you at me dot com)
I wanna log in to you (www dot love)
(you at me dot com)
I wanna log in to you (www dot love)
(you at me dot com)
I wanna wanna wanna yeah yeah (www dot love)
(you at me dot com)
www dot love"
"1779" "I hate the skydome and the CN Tower too
I hate Nathan Phillips Square and the Ontario Zoo
The rents too high, the airs unclean
The beaches are dirty and the people are mean
And the women are big and the men are dumb
And the children are loopy 'cause they live in a slum
The water is polluted and the mayor's a dork
They dress real bad and they think they're New York
In Toronto, Ontario
\"You know, actually I think I hate all of Ontario\"
I hate Thunder Bay and Ottawa
Kitchener, Windsor, and Oshawa
London sucks and the Great Lakes suck
And Sarnia sucks and Turkey Point Sucks
I took a trip to ONtario to visit Brian Mulrooney
He beat me up and he stole my pants and he put me in a tree
I went to see the Maple Leafs and got hit in the head with a puck
\"I don't even know how they did it, I was playing the orgon at the time!\"
Ontario Sucks
\"actually, now that I really think about it, I think I pretty much hate every gosh darn province and territory in our country!Except Alberta, yeah I love Alberta, lots of cows, trees, rocks, dirt\"
I hate Newfoundland 'cause they talk so weird
And Prince Edward Island is too small
Nova Scotia's dumb 'cause its the name of a bank
New Brunswick doesn't have a good mall
Quebec is revolting and it makes me mad
Ontario sucks, Ontario sucks,
\"Manitoba's population density is 1.9 people per square kilometer. NOw isn't that stupid!?\"
Saskatchewan is boring and the people are old
And as for the territories, they're too cold!
And the only really good thing about the province of British Columbia is that its right next to us!\"
'cause Alberta doesn't suck
But Calgary does"
"1780" "I am Cow, hear me moo
I weigh twice as much as you
And I look good on the barbecue
Yogurt, curd, cream cheese and butter's
Made from liquid from my udders
I am Cow, I am Cow, Hear me moo (moo)
I am Cow, eating grass
Methane gas comes out my ass
And out my muzzle when I belch
Oh, the ozone layer is thinner
From the outcome of my dinner
I am Cow, I am Cow, I've got gas
I am Cow, here I stand
Far and wide upon this land
And I am living everywhere
From B.C. to Newfoundland
You can squeeze my teats by hand
I am Cow, I am Cow, I am Cow
I am Cow, I am Cow, I am Cow!"
"1781" "(Trevor's lines are italicized)
WINNEBAGO!
Oh yeah!
Oh, man!
It's so great to be out in the road!
It sure is, man!
Hey, look at all them little cars going beside us.. Look how small they are!
They're so tiny! Oh yeah!
We have some great perspective from up here in our
WINNEBAGO!
Yeah, man, we got everything in here, man!
That's right.
I'm gonna make some coffee, man!
You making coffee?
You want some coffee?
I'm gonna make some photocopies!
Oh, can you make some for me?
Yeah, that'd be great!
And can you bind them for me, too?
Oh, you bet, we can do anything in our
WINNEBAGO!
You know what?
What?
I kinda got a hankering for a hot-tub.
A hot-tub! A hot-tub!
You know, I think I might go on back to the hot-tub and give my old bones a soak, you know what I'm saying?
Okay, well, man, don't you want to play some tennis first, man?
Tennis? Where are we going to play tennis?
On the top of our
WINNEBAGO!
Yeah!
Oh yeah! I forgot about that!
I just put that in by the helicopter pad!
That's.. Wow, the helicopter pad?
Oh yeah, man, just so we can get you and fly around, and that way we can be even higher and look down on our
WINNEBAGO!
You know what the funny thing about having a tennis court on top of our Winnebago
What's that, man?
Is you gotta be a pretty good tennis player, man!
Oh yeah, sure!
You don't wanna miss cause you'll lose your balls, you know what I mean?
Oh yeah! We got lots of balls!
That's true.
Lots of balls.
We could just fill this whole thing with balls, couldn't we?
Ahhhh yeah!
Oh yeah!
WINNEBAGO!
Hey, hey man, did you feel something man?
What do you mean, \"feel something\"?
I think.. I think we just ran over some sort of mini or something, man!
Oh no! Ha ha ha!
Oh look! There's a Honda Civic on our grill!
Man, those guys are small!
Oh yeah, really!
They're just no match for our
WINNEBAGO!
Yeah, that's right.
Hey, if you're still alive, come on up, buddy! Come on!
Come on, we need more people to fill up our Winnebago cause it's so huge, you know!
Oh yeah, man, you could put like, half of Taiwan in this place, man!
Yeah.
We should drive there, man!
Drive to Taiwan?
Well, sure, man!
WINNEBAGO!
This baby could do anything, you know..
Really?
Yeah, we'll just blow the tires up real big!
You know what? You know what I wanna do before we go to Taiwan?
What's that, man?
I wanna stop off at North Carolina and get some cheap smokes.
Yeah? Oh, that's a good idea, yeah..
We could go to Bob's Butt World, you know?
Oh yeah, he's got good butts, Bob.
He's got serious butts.
Yeah.
We could just fill our
WINNEBAGO!
Yeah, I'm just gonna go back to the smoking section now.
Talking about smoking, man, do you smell that?
Smell what?
Oh man! I left the turkey in the oven!
Oh no!
Oh no!
How are we gonna feed all these people?
I don't know, man!
We're gonna have to kick them out of our
WINNEBAGO!
See you later, suckers!
Yeah, we'll see you later, man!
This is our Winnebago!
Yeah, this is ours, you can't have our Winnebago!
Oh yeah, we're livin' la vida loca now!
Oh yeah!
Uh-huh! Uh-huh! Uh-huh! Uh-huh!
Oh yeah!
Yeah yeah yeah!
Yeah!
That's right
Uh-huh..
WINNEBAGO!
Oh, that feels good!
That sure does, man!
Oh yeah, you know what?
What?
I'm tired.
Are you tired?
I think I'll go for a nap now.
Oh, in the.. in the waterbed?
No no, I was thinking of the four-poster.
Oh really? Well, I'm just gonna go to the wave pool.
Oh really?
Yeah.
Aren't you gonna drive? Someone has to drive.
What's that?
You have to drive!
Oh yeah.. I'll take the golf cart down there.
Eh, okay..no, I meant you have to drive our
Oh! You mean drive the Winnebago!
WINNEBAGO!
Yeah! Oh no, we're slowing down..
Yeah, I think
I think we're running out of gas!
I think our band is, you know, getting a little tired.
Yeah.
They were counting on that turkey, man!
It's tough to have a house band in your Winnebago, you know.
WINNEBAGO!
See, they wanted to play on that one!
I know!
But you screwed them up!
They're always coming in too fast, you know, man..
Or too late!
WINNEBAGO!
There they go again!
What was that one?
I'm getting so sick and tired of saying
WINNEBAGO!
It's a good word though, man, it rolls right off the tongue..
Man! Oh, oh..
You know, I heard that the Winnebagos are an Indian tribe, man.
Really?
Yeah!
An Indian tribe?
Yeah, they didn't ride no horses though, man..
Did they have ladders up the side of them?
Oh yeah! No no, they just drove around in
WINNEBAGOS!
You should have seen the cowboys when they came in and tried to take those Indians over, man!
Oh yeah! They took the bog W off for the Big W Ranch.
Yeah!
That's what I like to call my Winnebago sometimes is the Big W Ranch.
I don't know what you're talking about!
No, but I sure love my
WINNEBAGO!
Oh yeah!
Weren't you gonna go to bed sometime, man? I thought you were tired?
You know, I got my second wind.
Oh, you did?
That's cause this is my second Winnebago.
Oh, this is your second?
Yeah, sometimes I get tired
Uh-huh?
But then I just think of my
WINNEBAGO!
Oh yeah.. Yeah?
Sometimes.
Yeah.
You know what?
What?
I'm kinda tired again.
You really tired?
Yeah, I may go back to the West Wing.
Oh yeah man, it's nice out there!
You know what else starts with W?
What?
That word that we know?
What's that?
Ah, how do you say..
WINNEBAGO!
Oh, Winnebago! I thought you were going to say washing machine!
No, no.. well..
Cause I got my clothes in there
Yeah, you could afford to do a load, you know.
I think the butler's gonna get them for me though.
Really?
yeah.
That's a good idea. You know, the maid is mad at me.
Oh yeah? Why's that, man?
I pinched her ass.
Oh.
Yeah, that's right.
She had it coming.
That's right. Well, if you're gonna ride around on my
WINNEBAGO!
You're gonna get your ass pinched.
Oh, I'm glad you said Winnebago, I thought you were gonna say ride around on my something else!
No, nothing rude or nothing like that.
No, that's good.
Yeah man.
Wow.
Well, here's me tired again.
Aw, tired again, man?
Oh damn.
Well, you know..
You were saying?
What's that? Ah..
No, no, you go ahead. I shouldn't have interrupted you.
WINNEBAGO!
Yeah!
I think I'm gonna go now.
Where are you going?
I'm going on the jetski.
Oh really?
Yeah.
We could like, go out on jetskis, or maybe, you know.. I'm gonna ride the whale!
Oh, the whale!
Yeah, I'm gonna ride the humpback whale that's on the roof..
Yeah?
Near the tennis court, in the pool of our
WINNEBAGO!
Yeah, that's right, sometimes you have to hurry quick.
Yeah, I know.
Cause the band..
I'm getting tired, man. I'm getting tired of you, you know.
You know, we're going to have to pay the band overtime for keeping on playing.
Alright, no, they're good guys.
Yeah, they're good guys. They just wanna ride in our
WINNEBAGO!"
"1782" "Open my eyes, what a beautiful day
Just the type that makes me want to say hooray
I'm still a little fuzzy-headed from my sleep
Into my brain reality seeps
Look all around me, can't believe what I see
These little short people are surrounding me
I've got a white beard, a suit made of red
My soul becomes filled with a keen sense of dread
Oh God, I'm Santa Claus
Oh God, I'm Santa Claus
Oh God, I'm Santa Claus
Oh God, I'm Santa Claus
Hop out of bed, kick an elf in the chest
What an awful way to awake from a rest
\"Santa, oh, Santa,\" the little gnomes cheer
\"You shouldn't be nasty at this time of year!\"
\"What do you mean?\" I say in a rage
\"And what are you doing with those big burlap bags?\"
The elves they do roar, \"Why their full of toys
For you to deliver to the good girls and boys.\"
Oh God, I'm Santa Claus
Oh God, I'm Santa Claus
Oh God, I'm Santa Claus
Oh God, I'm Santa Claus
Resigned to my fate, I load up the sleigh
Harness the reindeer and get under way
It's nippy up here in the cool arctic sky
Good thing I remembered that bottle of rye
Flying over rooftops, throwing out toys
Hopefully crushing those good girls and boys
Like a bad dream, I pray for release
Please let this hellish existence be ceased!
Oh God, I'm Santa Claus
Oh God, I'm Santa Claus
Oh God, I'm Santa Claus
Oh God, I'm Santa Claus
From this nightmare I finally awake
My brain is on fire, my hands they do shake
But wait, they're not hands, they're cute little paws
I'm the Easter Bunny, I'm not Santa Claus!
Oh God, I'm the Easter Bunny
Oh God, I 'm Easter Bunny
Oh God, I'm Easter Bunny
Oh God, I'm Easter Bunny"
"1783" "My father was a lawyer, mom's at university
My brother and my sister, they both have their Ph.D.
My grampa was a pilot shooting Nazis from t he sky
But I am the most famous, I'm a TV weather guy
He smiles at the camera and tells a little joke
H e always says it's sunny if the telestrator's broke
Thinks a meteorologist knows what falls from the sky
But he's got a steady income as a TV weather guy
They said that I'm not qualified to be on the TV
Don't know Celsius from Fahrenheit so I just say degrees
I just read the temperatures and make up a bunch of lies
And end up being right more than the guy on channel five
He smiles at the camera and tells a little joke
He always says it's sunny if the telestrator's broke
Thinks cloud are made from cotton that have blown up to the sky
But he's got a steady income as a TV weather guy
On Saturdays I must be out of bed by five A.M.
Put on a ton of make-up and then stare at the camera lens
Greeting all the viewers with a \"Hi-hi-hip-hello!\"
'Cause it's the day I have to host a kiddie cartoon show
He smiles at the camera then to his puppet sock
He raves about the crayon drawings of the family dog
Did a promo at the shopping mall and made the children cry
He's a lousy clown but a good TV weather guy
They said that I'm not cute enough to be an anchorman
Not tough enough for sports and for the arts I was too bland
But I know that some day I will reach my TV goal
When I guest star on Baywatch or 90210
'Til then I'll smile at the camera and tell a little joke
He always says it's sunny if the telestrator's broke
He wonders why big storms are always named for other guys
But he's got a steady income as a TV weather guy
He's got a steady income as a TV weather guy!"
"1784" "The table's set ant the turkey's out
Christmas is here, let out a shout
The family's gathered all about
Christmas, Christmas is here!
Everyone is wearing big smiles
They all try to act nice for a while
Then George calls his in-laws vile
Christmas, Christmas is here!
Always at one time of the year
When everyone's problems disappear
And everyone smiles from ear to ear
Christmas, Christmas is here!
George has been drinking a lot
He just can't keep out of the sauce
He says his wife's been screwing her boss
Christmas, Christmas is here!
Margaret throws her food in his face
People are hungry, it's really a waste
Then she screams, \"How does that taste?\"
Christmas, Christmas is here!
Always at one time of the year
When everyone's problems disappear
And everyone smiles from ear to ear
Christmas, Christmas is here!
George picks up the carving knife
Weilds it around and starts to slice
Henry cocks his shotgun twice
Christmas, Christmas is here!
Henry says, \"Hey, what's the deal?
Just sit down and finish your meal
Or I'll pump you full of steel!\"
Christmas, Christmas is here!
Always at one time of the year
When everyone's problems disappear
And everyone smiles from ear to ear
Christmas, Christmas is here!
Police arrive just after eight
Responding to a noise complaint
Open the door, what a grisly fate
Christmas, Christmas is here!
Fa la la and deck the halls
Blood was spattered on the walls
Merry Christmas, one and all!
Christmas, Christmas is here!
Always at one time of the year
When everyone's problems disappear
And everyone smiles from ear to ear
Christmas, Christmas is here!
Always at one time of the year
When everyone's problems disappear
And everyone smiles from ear to ear
Christmas, Christmas is here!"
"1785" "I'm feeling hungry, empty tummy, and I want to make it full
So I spend the day at Wong's buffet and I eat till I explode
There's sixty types of Oriental delights, I gotta have them all
Chicken wings and onion rings, and sweet and sour balls
At Wong's, come and sail with me
At Wong's, on the sea of gluttony
At Wong's, eat until it hurts
But don't forget there's pudding for dessert
The chicken's tough, the noodles are rough
And the chow mein's three days old
But it's quantity not quality that has got my soul
So fill that plate, no mistake, there's no holding back
I won't stop until I got a packed digestive tract
A Wong's, no meal is a loss
At Wong's covered in red sauce
At Wong's, everything is battered
And what's inside doesn't even matter
Stop! Ooooohhhhh. Second plate! Huh! Third plate! Oh.
Fourth plate. Ooooohh. Dessert. Uuuuuuugg.
Fortune cookie. I ate the fortune.
I try to leave, I want to heave, my whole body hurts
Can barely stand, I tell you man, I got my money's worth
If I get the time I'm going to go to China
And eat at their ancient buffets
But I'm wonderin', how they stay so thin
Eating like this every day
At Wong's, give chopsticks a try
At Wong's, to pick up your french fry
At Wong's, you know I'm coming back
Eating here's worth the heart attack
Wong's Chinese Buffet"
"1786" "On the Mounted Animal Nature Trail, you'll be sure to see
All Mother Nature's favourite pets, all sitting rigidly
They're never hungry any more, their last meal left them stuffed
Don't worry, they won't walk away if you try and pet their fluff
And the dog goes...
And the cow goes...
And the bear goes...
And the pig goes...
And the crow goes caw!, I guess it was alive
You can see all this
On the Mounted Animal Nature Trail
The Mounted Animal Nature Trail, it's great for Mom and Dad
Where else can Grandma and the kids see the silence of the lambs?
Don't have to walk a hundred miles ore climb the steepest hill
And the only fearsome sound you'll hear is the ringing of the till
And the dog goes...
And the cow goes...
And the bear goes...
And the pig goes...
And the crow goes caw!, I guess it was alive
You can see all this
On the Mounted Animal Nature Trail
The only things that bite are the bugs (Oww..)
And unlike other theme parks, the mice won't say \"Hello\"
And if you're having troubles with your own family pet
You can bring him and add him to the trail
Everyone, and the dog goes...
And the cow goes...
And the bear goes...
And the pig goes...
And the crow goes caw!, I guess it was alive
You can see all this
On the Mounted Animal Nature Trail"
"1787" "I think I've got a crush on Celine Dion
The way she beats her chest when she sings a love song
There's something about her makes me want to feed her
And I'd love to be Mister Celine Dion
She'll sing a song in English, and she'll sing en francais
Both the songs will suck, but I love her anyway
She's full of emotion, I'm full of devotion
For Celine and I'll be hers someday
Oh Celine Dion, you soft-rock my world
Won't you please be mine Celine
I would do anything, if you'd be my girl
Oh, be my girl Celine
I sent you cards and letters, but you don't respond
You play hard to get, but my heart goes on and on (and on and on, etc...)
I just wanna say, je aimerez
And I can see your house from my van
Oh Celine Dion, you soft-rock my world
Won't you please be mine Celine
I would do anything, if you'd be my girl
Oh, be my girl Celine
Celine Celine
Her skin's so soft and clean
Just like porcelain
I wish she'd slather me
With a tub of Vaseline
(That was a little creepy) I'm sorry, Celine
Celine Celine
Celine Dion"
"1788" "Baby I wanna tell you all my hopes and dreams and fears
But I'm watching television, could you get me another beer
There's wrestling and pro football on, I hope you understand
I must watch it all for I am a man
And a man has needs
And a man has desires
Eternal fires that burn, burn, burn
And a man he bleeds
And a man he perspires
'Til the stains show on his shirt
I missed our anniverary and the birth of our son
It was beyond my control, my team was on a playoff run
Oh baby, baby, baby, you mean everything to me
But could you move your butt, you're blocking the TV?
And a man has needs
And a man has desires
Eternal fires that burn, burn, burn
And a man he bleeds
And a man he does tire
Gets sleepy and naps on the couch
Oh baby, oh honey, oh darling, oh pudding, what are you doing with that suitcase? Leaving me? What do you mean we don't communicate? We're talking all the time. We're talk about-- Ooh! Monster trucks! That little Volkswagon ain't got no chance against The Cowcrusher! C'mon Cowcrusher, crush that little Volks-- you're gone. I hope she left me one of them pudding pops. They're tasty.
And a man has needs
And a man has desires
Eternal fires that burn, burn, burn
And a man he bleeds
And he shops at Canadian Tire
And he always keeps his coupons
And a man has needs
And a man has desires
Eternal fires that burn, burn, burn
And a man he bleeds
And a man he expires
And he cried when Wayne Gretzky retired"
"1789" "Can't think of anything to sing about
Not much out there to sing about
The world's okay, the weather's fine
No need to sing about that
I'll sing about
Sponges
Sponges yeah!
Sponges
Sponges yeah yeah
Sponges suck, sponges suck
Sponges absorb liquid then you squeeze them out yeah!
There's lots of songs of peace
Lots of songs of love
Even songs about peaches and Valkyries
No songs about
Tuna fish, tuna fish, tuna fish, tuna fish
They're real big and swim in oceans
Come in cans like hockey pucks
Tuna got their names 'cause they don't swim in pairs!
Get it? Tuna. Are there two of those fish? Nah! Two-nah! Two-nah! It's funny! Hee hee! No? I like tuna.
Sponges
Sponges yeah!
Sponges
Sponges yeah yeah
Sponges suck, sponges suck
Sponges suck, sponges suck
Sponges clean up dishes and sinks
And countertops and baby's noses
They suck up soap and when you squeeze them out they make
Bubbles!
Bubbles!
Bubbles!
Sponges"
"1790" "I hate the Sky Dome and the CN tower too
I hate Nathan Phillips square and the Ontario zoo
The rents too high
The airs unclean
The beaches are dirty and the people are mean
And the women are big and the men are dumb
And the children are loopy because they live in a slump
The water is polluted and the mayors a dork
They dress real bad and they think their New York
In to-ron-to-o, On-ta-ri-o-o
[You know what actually I think I pretty much hate all of Ontario
Oh yah me 2]
I hate Thunder Bay and Ottawa
Kitchener, Windsor and Oshawa
London sucks and the great lakes suck
And Sarnia Sucks and turkey point sucks
I took a trip to Ontario to visit Brian Mulroney
He beat me up and he stole my pants and he put me in a tree
I went to see the maple leafs and got hit in the head with a puck and I dont even know how they did it, I mean I was playing the organ.
Ontariooooooooo, sucks!
Yep actually you know now that I really think about it, I think I pretty much hate every gosh darn province and territory in our country.
Well except for Alberta, oh yah I love Alberta, pretty nice
Lots of cows, trees, rocks, dirt. moo moo moo
But
I hate Newfoundland because they talk so weird
And Prince Edward Island is too small
Nova Scotia is dumb because its the name of a bank
New Brunswick doesnt have a good mall
Quebec is revolting and it makes me mad
Ontario sucks, Ontario sucks.
Manitobas population density is 1.9 people per square kilometer isnt that stupid
Saskatchewan is boring and the people are old
And as for the territories, their too cold!
And the only really good thing about the province of British Columbia is that its right next to us
Because Albertaaa doesnt suck, but Calgary doessssss."
"1791" "Let me tell you a story about scary Ned
Scariest guy to ever wet a bed
He had hands on his arms and eyes on his head
But they weren't his
He'd go down to the market and try to scare the fish
He said that they bothered him, they weren't his favorite dish
Then he'd go down to the highway and pretend that he was dead
That just the way he was, creepy scary Ned
Ooohh oohhhhh Scary Ned
Ned loved Halloween 'cause he didn't need a mask
He'd steal the children's candy, he didn't even ask
He'd sit right down in front of them and then he'd start to eat
He'd tell them they were better off 'cause that stuff can rot your teeth
Ooohh oohhhhh ooohh oohhhhh Scary Ned
A strange glow would come from his place late into the night
He'd watch T.V. 'til the dawn, you know that ain't right
If he started to get tired he'd rub sauerkraut on his head
That's just the kind of guy he was, good old scary Ned
Ooohh oohhhhh ooohh oohhhhh ooohh oohhhhh Scary Ned
He had a face his mother didn't love
When people saw on the street they often said \"Uughh!\"
Sometimes late at night he'd walk alone
He'd be reciting stuff
Bad sounding stuff
Icky awful stuff
But when you got to know him, he weren't so bad
Ooohh oohhhhh Scary Ned
Ooohh oohhhhh ooohh oohhhhh ooohh oohhhhh Scary Ned
Ooohh oohhhhh Scary Ned [this repeats to end over talking- K]
He's pretty scary
Scary Ned
Really scary
Scary Ned
He's scary
Hence the name
Scary Ned
I saw him yesterday
He said \"Hi\"
I got scared
'Cause he's
Scary Ned
If he weren't scary
I supposed he'd be called
Like, Happy Ned
And who wants to hear a song about
Happy Ned (Happy Ned)"
"1792" "You know something girl? I'm thinking about you right now.
You don't want to know what I'm thinking, girl.
Or... or do you?
Girl, you think I'm the bomb,
but I'm old enough to be dating your mom. And I did.
She wasn't that bad, but you're grounded if you tell your dad
that you like the way we dance, with rock-hard abs and plastic pants.
You give us teddy bears,
and in return we shave our chest hairs. Yeah, we're so manly.
'Cause we're singing in a boy band.
The words are stupid, and the music's bland.
Never see a dime for selling out to the man.
Yeah, we're a boy band.
We say we met in church, but we're a product to market research.
We sing about sex, to little girls who shouldn't think about sex yet.
It's not like they listen, it's not like they care.
'Cause when we sweat our bodies glisten.
We like the color blue. (blue, blue)
And we're appearing at a mall near you, right beside the food court.
'Cause we're singing in a boy band.
The words are stupid, and the music's bland.
No one likes us here, but we're big in Japan.
Yeah, we're a boy band.
Throw your hands up in the air,
and wave them around like you just don't care.
You just don't care, you just don't care,
now bring your hands down from the air.
Doo doo doot doot doot, doo doo doot doot doot
Doo doo doot doot doot, doo doo doot doot doot
Doo doo doot doot doot, doo doo doot doot doot
Doo doo doot doot doot, doo doo doot doot doot
Doo doo doot ahh ahh ahh ahh.
'Cause we're singing in a boy band.
The words are stupid and the music's bland.
Another pollutant in the pop wasteland.
Yeah, we're a boy band.
Yeah, we're a boy band.
Yeah, we're a boy band."
"1793" "My country's bigger than most
And if asked I boast
'Cause I'm really proud
So I shout it loud
Though our numbers are few
We will welcome you
Although we don't have history
Gold medal winning teams
Heroes or prisoners
World famous volcanoes
Still what we've got's glorious
'Cause we've got rocks and trees
And trees and rocks, and rocks and trees
And trees and rocks, and rocks and trees
And trees and rocks, and rocks and trees
And trees and rocks, and water
All right, everyone
We've got rocks and trees
And trees and rocks, and rocks and trees
And trees and rocks, and rocks and trees
And trees and rocks, and rocks and trees
And trees and rocks, and water"
"1794" "There won't be any presents this Christmas
No goodies in your stocking
The milk and cookies that the children left out
Will be left untouched beside the sink
The reindeer will be staying in their pens this year
The elves haven't built any thing
'Cause Santa got arrested
Last Christmas Day
Police got calls on 911
About a red-suited man who weighed a ton
There was a clear trail of evidence pointing north
This was the seventh time it happened on December 24th
The Mounties reached the North Pole
They found it was outside their jurisdiction
They called up Interpol, the Finnish police
To facilitate the suspect's extradition
They knocked on the door of a well-marked shop
With a warrant for the owner's apprehension
Then Santa got arrested
Christmas Day
Santa was charged with B&E;
His council advised he plead guilty
There was footage of the crime running on TV
And photographs of little children sitting on his knee"
"1795" "I'm out on the range, surveying the land
Thinking of the job that's to be done
My life is hard but I don't mind
Men like me, that's how the west was won
I stand the pain and the suffering
For on the trail I am the king
On doors I knock and on bells I ring
Always sure that I will get the sale
'Cause I am Dan the Insurance Salesman
In a beat-up Chevrolet I do ride
I rope them in and tie them up and bind them legally
And on the dotted line I make them sign
Hi-de-hey (Hi-de-hey, hi-de-hey, hi-de-hey) hey!
The door swings wide and I sense my prey
Ready to fall victim to my pitch
I tell him all about the plan
With all of its inherent benefits
If you lose an arm it's a thousand bucks
Lose both of them and get twice as much
And if you should die, well then, bless your luck
You'll just be raking in the cash
'Cause I am Dan the Insurance Salesman
In a beat-up Chevrolet I do ride
I rope them in and tie them up and bind them legally
And on the dotted line I make them sign
Hi-de-hey (Hi-de-hey, hi-de-hey, hi-de-hey) hey!
The sucker signs, the deed is done
It's time for me to get back on the road
A lonely man out on the land
Where the wind can blow so cold
I ride into the setting sun
With the knowledge of a job well done
But I can't rest until everyone
Has become properly insured
'Cause I am Dan the Insurance Salesman
In a beat-up Chevrolet I do ride
I rope them in and tie them up and bind them legally
And on the dotted line I make them sign
Hi-de-hey (Hi-de-hey, hi-de-hey, hi-de-hey) hey!
Yes, I am Dan the Insurance Salesman
In a beat-up Chevrolet I do ride
I rope them in and tie them up and bind them legally
For on the dotted line I make them sign"
"1796" "I had a love that was so bright
I used to dream of her each night
And then rush to her side every morning (oooh)
I had her all to myself
We never noticed anyone else
We didn't even hear the radio warnings
Our love was no joke, you know
It was the talk of downtown Tokyo
We'll be happy forever, I promised her
But just as I proposed, her feet
Were made to touch her nose
As she was crushed by a Japanese monster
(ohhh-ohhh-ohhh-AAAAAAGH! GODZILLA!)
Our love was so true
But now she's 3 foot 2
And she used to be 5 foot 11
Her death was unintentional
But now she's 2-dimensional
My angel is truly in heaven
She's the one I kiss and hug
Till she was crushed like a bug
I guess it's hard to see a monster above you
She said she'd save her heart for me
But now it's there for all to see
And her last words to me were, \"I AAAAAGGHH!\"
Our love was so true
But now she's 3 foot 2
And she used to be 5 foot 11
Her death was unintentional
But now she's 2-dimensional
My angel is truly in heaven
(Take it George!)
[Guitar solo consisting entirely of glissandos]
She was young (so young)
And sweet (so sweet)
But now she's part (she's part)
Of the street (the street)
And I want (so much)
To have her back (come back)
So I'll get a putty knife
So I can scrape her from the crack
(Oh. You might need a wider brush.)
Our love was so true
But now she's 3 foot 2
And she used to be 5 foot 11
Her death was unintentional
But now she's 2-dimensional
My angel is truly in heaven
My angel is truly in heaven
My angel is truly in heaven"
"1797" "It's Christmas in Ignace
Mommy's got a rock
she'll give it to Daddy
It's Christmas in Ignace (It's Christmas in Ignace)
It's Christmas in Ignace
Daddy's got a rock
he'll give it to Mommy
It's Christmas in Ignace (It's Christmas in Ignace)
It's a jolly time (here in Ignace)
As we decorate the Christmas Rock
it's a happy time
and if the children are good they'll get toys to play with
like rocks
It's Christmas in Ignace
Bob's got a rock
but he's gonna keep it
It's Christmas in Ignace (It's Christmas in Ignace)
It's Christmas in Ignace
Jill's got a rock
she gives it to Bob
now he's got two
It's Christmas in Ignace (It's Christmas in Ignace)
It's a jolly time
as we sit and watch Rocky 1,2,3,4,5
It's a happy time
except for Malcolm
his tongue is stuck to the sign that says,
\"Welcome to Ignace\"
It's Christmas in Ignace
and all through the houses
not a creature is stirring
except for the rats
that live here in Ignace
under the rocks
that are played with by children
and thrown at Malcolm
who's still stuck to the sign that says
\"Welcome to Ignace\"
It's Christmas in Ignace (It's Christmas in Ignace)"
"1798" "I met you in biology in high school
You told me after college we'd be wed
You were my favorite lab partner
Till you ran off with that brilliant young pre-med
My pain would show up on a cat-scan
My optic nerves are only seeing blue
My blood hates to flow
Because it has to go
Through the four-chambered heart that cries for you
I'm in the lonely lab of broken hearts
I dissect the way you say goodbye until it falls apart
I'm in the lonely lab of feelin' blue
And my pheremones can find no trace of you
You were as sweet as crystalline carbohydrates
The rods and cones in my optical receptors are filled with tears
I wanted to elope
So we could make some isotopes
With a half-life of a million thousand years
If I suspended my trachial dilations till you returned here
My muscles would need atipianarobic respiration
Adenine, cidozine, guanine, and thianine
Might make up my DNA
But my love gene must be missin' from its station
I'm in the lonely lab of broken hearts
I dissect the way you say goodbye until it falls apart
I'm in the lonely lab of feelin' blue
And my pheremones can find no trace of you
The metallurgist is the musicians best friend. This statement
has been echoed throughout the ages, for without the metallurgist, we
could not have such musical things as triangles, cymbals, margerine
tubs, or guitar strings. Guitar strings are produced by the
wire-drawing process, where solid metal is pulled through dies with
progressively smaller diameters, until the desired diameter, or guage,
is reached. The ability to be drawn into wires is called ductility,
and seperates metals from other materials, such as wood, ceramics, or
plastic milk jugs, which are made by the blow-molding process. You
put the milk in later.
I'm in the lonely lab of broken hearts
I dissect the way you say goodbye until it falls apart
I'm in the lonely lab of feelin' blue
And my pheremones can find no trace of you
I'm in the lonely lab of broken hearts
I dissect the way you say goodbye until it falls apart
I'm in the lonely lab of feelin' blue
And my pheremones can find no trace of you
And my pheremones can find no trace of you
U stands for uranium. There are several isotopes of uranium, three of
which are radioactive."
"1799" "Once a year we celebrate
With stupid hats and plastic plates
The fact that you were able to make
Another trip around the sun
And the whole clan gathers round
And gifts and laughter do abound
And we let out a joyful sound
And sing that stupid song
Happy birthday!
Now you're one year older!
Happy birthday!
Your life still isn't over!
Happy birthday!
You did not accomplish much
But you didn't die this year
I guess that's good enough
So let's drink to your fading health
And hope you don't remind yourself
The chance of finding fame and wealth
Decrease with every year
Does it feel like you're doing laps
And eating food and taking naps
And hoping that someday perhaps
Your life will hold some cheer
Happy birthday!
What have you done that matters?
Happy birthday!
You're starting to get fatter
Happy birthday!
It's downhill from now on
Try not to remind yourself
Your best years are all gone
If cryogenics were all free
Then you could live like Walt Disney
And live for all eternity
Inside a block of ice
But instead your time is set
This is the only life you get
And though it hasn't ended yet
Sometimes you wish it might
Happy birthday!
You wish you had more money
Happy birthday!
Your life's so sad it's funny
Happy birthday!
How much more can you take?
But your friends are hungry
So just cut the stupid cake
Happy birthday!
Happy birthday!
Happy birthday, dear..."
"1800" "Hi kids!
Welcome to the Uncle Bobo show!
Are you ready to sing?
Come on, let's go!
Billy and his family went on a holiday
They went down to Florida to laugh and dance and play
Bill went in for a swim, he didn't see the harm
But when he came back out again, he was short an arm
'Cause Rippy the Gator went chomp, chomp, chomp!
Rippy the Gator went chomp, chomp, chomp!
Passing the time by ending children's lives
Down in the bottom of the swamp, swamp, swamp!
Billy and his father went out to play some catch
But Billy missed the pass because his arm was unattached
The ball flew past his shoulder and it rolled into the swamp
When he went wading after it his leg became a stump
'Cause Rippy the Gator went chomp, chomp, chomp!
Rippy the Gator went chomp, chomp, chomp!
Passing the time by ending children's lives
Down in the bottom of the swamp, swamp, swamp!
Billy and his father joined a three-legged race
They were tearing up the field, no one could keep the pace
But Billy tripped and did a flip and landed in the muck
He was running out of limbs and also out of luck
'Cause Rippy the Gator went chomp, chomp, chomp!
Rippy the Gator went chomp, chomp, chomp!
Passing the time by ending children's lives
Down in the bottom of the swamp, swamp, swamp!
Billy was all dirty, he really had to wash
But he couldn't use a towel 'cause his limbs had been gnawed off
He went into the water to get all clean and bright
But when his bath was finished he was only half his height
'Cause Rippy the Gator went chomp, chomp, chomp!
Rippy the Gator went chomp, chomp, chomp!
Passing the time by ending children's lives
Down in the bottom of the swamp, swamp, swamp!
Billy's father rolled his wheelchair up upon a hill
He wanted to put Bill where he would not get killed
But he left him on a slope, and into the swamp he rolled
They dragged out his head but there was nothing left below
'Cause Rippy the Gator went chomp, chomp, chomp!
Rippy the Gator went chomp, chomp, chomp!
Passing the time by ending children's lives
Down in the bottom of the swamp, swamp, swamp!
Passing the time by ending children's lives
Down in the bottom of the swamp, swamp, swamp!"
"1801" "Santa's coming and he's gonna kick your ass
he's gonna kick your ass
he's gonna kick your ass
Santa's coming and he's gonna kick your ass
'cause you've always been a rotten little brat
Reindeer coming and they're gonna bite your wreath
They're gonna chew your welcome mat
Swallow your kitty cat
Reindeer coming and they're gonna eat your begonia's
'cause Santa hasn't fed them in a month
Santa's coming and he's gonna kick your ass
he's gonna kick your ass
he's gonna kick your ass
Santa's coming and he's gonna kick your ass
'cause he's sick of shoveling snow and reindeer poo
Elves are coming and they're gonna steal your turkey
Wreck your TV
Burn down your Christmas tree
Elves are coming and they're gonna trash your home
'cause they ain't got nothing else to do
Santa's loaded with attitude
He's loud and drunk and smelly and rude
His workshop's been closed by an auditor
And Mrs. Claus ran off with her chiropractor.
Santa's coming and he's gonna kick your ass
he's gonna kick your ass
he's gonna kick your ass
Santa's coming and he's gonna kick your ass
'cause he's had a really crappy year"
"1802" "I once was a happy man of sound and stable mind
Then my neighbour bought a dog
He put a ribbon on its head to make it cute
But it still looked like a chihuahua
He had me over to watch it sit and beg
It bit my knee, and made love to my leg
Now it barks all the night and all of the day
Whenever it's not peeing on my lawn
I didn't get to sleep last night till very late
The stupid dog barked and grrrr'd
I got up late for work and ran to catch the bus
But I slipped on a turd
I was certain it wasn't one of mine
That that dog had crossed over the line
I wanted to exterminate it and all its kind
From my lovely little suburb
I'm gonna kill the dog next door
Ain't gonna bark anymore
'Cause this is Judgment Day
And the little runt has got to pay
No more turds on my lawn
That stupid mutt will soon be gone
Gonna kill kill kill kill kill kill kill that dog
I see the little monster in my garden
So I grab an axe and off I go
And I try my best to get it
All I do is sever my big toe
My neighbour comes outside to call me
He says his dog and me should just be friends
He puts his little pet in my forgiving hands
Then it starts to bite
So I strangle it with all my might
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
I'm gonna kill the dog next door (kill the dog next door)
Ain't gonna bark anymore
'Cause this is Judgment Day
And the little runt has got to pay
No more turds on my lawn (doo-doos on my lawn)
That stupid mutt will soon be gone
Gonna kill kill kill kill kill kill kill that dog
Now the stupid mutt's in doggy heaven
I strangled it to death and now I'm free
But my trouble ain't quite over
My neighbour called the cops on me
I end up at the police station
Where I am told that I must pay
A 300 dollar fine
Wow, what a good value
I think I'll kill my neighbour too!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
I'm gonna kill the guy next door (kill the guy next door)
Won't call the cops anymore
I never liked him anyway
300 isn't much to pay
There are turds on my lawn (doo-doos on my lawn)
They must be his, his dog is gone
Gonna kill kill kill kill kill kill kill
Kill kill kill kill kill kill kill
Kill kill kill kill kill kill kill that guy!"
"1803" "Christmas makes me realize how greatly things do change
Friends lose touch, people age, and family moves away
But it is what had stayed the same that gives me the most tears
For I've had the same Christmas cake for almost thirty years
Granny made it back in sixty-eight and gave it to my mom
Who gave it to her uncle who gave it to her son
Who then gave it to me and that is where it stuck
For I was only three months old and clearly out of luck
Each Christmas of my childhood that fruit-brick would return
My mom would place it on a plate and tell me I must learn
That it is rude to get a gift and not put it to use
And every year I'd take a bite and chip another tooth
After fifteen years of misery I'd had all I could take
That summer I went camping and dropped it in the lake
I thought that I was rid of it, but on Christmas eve
There it was \"from Santa Claus\" under the Christmas tree
Each year I'd try to lose it but it would just return
So I cried out \"oh why have I been given such a burden?\"
A voice replied, \"it's not a curse, but the greatest gift\"
\"For when all else abandons you, you will still have it.\"
For all of man's creations slowly waste away
Relationships do crumble and buildings do decay
The pyramids and stonehenge slowly disappear
But if they were made of Christmas cake they'd last a million years"
"1804" "I'm proud to be a banker
I'm proud to be a banker
I'm proud to be a banker
'Cause I get to play with other people's money
I'm having a lousy day
I burn my toast and spill my coffee
on my best shirt. So I had to change and then
I'm late for work. So I rush into the meeting
where they are discussing what my future in the corporation is
and I don't really give a damn
but I don't have another job
and so I lie and say
I'm proud to be a banker
I'm proud to be a banker
I'm proud to be a banker
'Cause I get to talk to stimulating people
I open up my mail
hoping that it's not a bill but it's from the bank
saying that I have only 20 hours to go
to contribute to my RRSP for this tax year
so I run down to the bank but there's a 20-mile lineup
and I'm yelling and I'm screaming
and I'm not wearing any pants ha ha ha ha
I'm proud to be a banker
I'm proud to be a banker
I'm proud to be a banker
'Cause I get to screw with other people's lives
I took out 40 bucks
from the automatic teller. It told me
that I couldn't 'cause I just had 10
but that can't be 'cause I just got paid on Friday
so I go down to the bank, wait an hour in the lineup
and I'm talking to the teller
she says \"Wait I'll get your last month's statement\"
She comes back in 7 hours
says I've got some interest charges and a cheque from Uncle Bill
that bounced and so they'll have to charge me 40 bucks for that
and for the box I never opened and I don't have overdraft protection
and I think I'll die before I pay off all that I owe and I don't even
own a car
I'm pleased to be a banker
I'm proud to be a banker
I'm pleased to be a banker
'Cause I get to play with other people's money
(HE'S A BANKER)
Would you please endorse this cheque?
(HE'S A BANKER)
Do you have any assets?
(HE'S A BANKER)
You should buy you shouldn't rent
(HE'S A BANKER)
The cheque will cost you fifty cents
(IT WILL COST YOU FIFTY CENTS)
(IT WILL COST YOU FIFTY CENTS)"
"1805" "I used to go to all the parties
And make love to all the beautiful ladies
And I'd eat cheeseburgers with bacon and extra grease when I was
hungry
And drink Windex Colladas until my skin turned blue
But now,the times they are a-changing
My lifestyle, it is rearranging
For debauchery may be fun and entertaining
But it is also very bad for you
Do you know how many diseases you can get
Making love to someone who has not had all their tests
So nowadays, I am celibate
And I wear a condom, in case I have dirty thoughts
I never drive my car past the speed limit
And I always wear my seat belt when I am in it
I traded my Lambourghini for a Honda Civic
Because it is more fuel-efficient and practical
Ay-yi-yi! Ay-yi-yo!
Being boring is the way to go!
Ay-yi-yi! Ay-yi-yo!
Having fun is bad for you!
I can no longer smoke my cigarettes
Because I found that they are a major cause of death
The tar and nicotine have not killed me yet
But if I got pregnant, they could hurt my baby
I used to love my swarthy complexion
I tanned myself to perfection
But the sun can give you a cancerous infection
So now I'm white and pasty and I never leave the house
I used to eat like there was no tomorrow
But then I found cholesterol is full of sorrow
The last thing I want to do is to have to borrow
Somebody else's heart, because mine is full of fatty deposits
Ay-yi-yi! Ay-yi-yo!
Being boring is the way to go!
Ay-yi-yi! Ay-yi-yo!
Having fun is bad for you!
Having fun is bad for you!"
"1806" "Last night when I went to bed
With tangled hair upon my head
In every way I really was a kid
It happened without warning
When I woke up in the morning
I can't tell you just what happened but it did
I grew six inches in one day
It's painful when it goes that way
And now my skinny body's really achin'
And my skin just exploded
With an inch of oil it's loaded
It's so greasy you could fry a pound of bacon
My voice is changing
Out of thin air
And body parts that once were smooth
Are growing bits of hair
My voice is changing
What does it mean?
I guess I'll be a real man
Before I turn 13
I buy two pairs of jeans a week
I'm such a tall and awkward geek
I fall down when I try to play a grounder
At dinner every night I eat
A giant heaping plate of meat
Then go out with my friends for quarter pounders
And weird emotions come alive
My hormones are in overdrive
I've turned into a girl-watching creature
And all my friends their marks are shot
But they don't care because they're hot
For Mrs. Smith the mathematics teacher
My voice is changing
I hate to hear it crack
I pray to God I won't inherit
Dad's hairy back
My voice is changing
When will it end?
And when will mom stop kissing me
In front of all my friends?
Pretty soon I bet I'll
Be right into heavy metal
But my parents say at least it isn't rap
I'll start wearing stupid clothes
And threaten that I'll pierce my nose
And tell my parents all they like is crap
The first girl that I ever kiss
Will be the one and who could miss
Our love forever written in the stars?
But I don't think our love will last
Unless the four years go by fast
Till I can use the backseat of the car
My voice is changing
Out of thin air
And body parts that once were smooth
Are growing bits of hair
My voice is changing
What does it mean?
I guess I'll be a real man
Before I turn 13
My voice is changing
I hate to hear it crack
I pray to God I won't inherit
Dad's hairy back
My voice is changing
When will it end?
And when will mom stop kissing me
In front of all my friends?
Cha-cha-cha!"
"1807" "It's the festive season
There's singing and shopping and joy
Santa's talking to children
The elves are wrapping toys
The season's one of charity
Of peace for all you've met
But though I should be of giving right now
I just want to get
It's Christmastime and times are tough
It's Christmastime, and we ain't got enough
Hey Mr. Santa Claus, I believe in you because
Last year all my parents got me was a trip to Mississauga
It's Christmastime, I'm looking for a lot of stuff
My brother wants a computer
Sister wants a dolly
Mom wants a brand new bathtub
And Dad just wants alcohol
He spent last Christmas wasted
Crawling along on his knees
Eating turkey that fell on the floor
And watering our Christmas tree
It's Christmastime and times are tough
It's Christmastime, and we ain't got enough
Hey Mr. Santa Claus, I believe in you because
You've got more credibility than any doctor, cop, or lawyer
It's Christmastime, I'm looking for a lot of stuff
I'd like a new guitar
Andy wants a radar detector
Trevor wants 13 kittens
And Chris wants a date with Shania
We compared all our Christmas lists
And only one thing overlapped
We would all be happiest if
Everyone bought our crap
It's Christmastime and times are tough
It's Christmastime, and we ain't got enough
Hey Mr. Santa Claus, we believe in you because
If we count on our so-called friends
Our Christmas stockings will be empty
It's Christmastime, we're looking for a lot of stuff
It's Christmastime, we're looking for a lot of stuff"
"1808" "When I was a kid I wanted to grow up and be a cop in a
province town or county
I thought it would be great if somedy i could be a
Mountie
I wanted to beat up crooks and make arrests because taht's
part of the profession
But now I just sit on my horse and tell American tourists the
parliament's in session
I really don't look good in red and my stupid hat flies off my
head in every parade
I'm young and strong and have no fear but now I'm spending
my career in Motorcades
CHORUS
I wanna enforce the law, I wanna wear normal clothes
I don't wanna have to smile for diplomat's home videos
I'm good at workin' real hard, I should have joined the Coast
Gaurd
Oh no the RCMP, is not the life for me
I used to think that a Mountie had to be honest, loyal, humble
strong and thrifty
But even though we don't break ranks we get no thanks, they
took us off the fifty (dollar bill)
On Sussex Drive in hallowed halls we act like gaurds in
shopping malls, it's such a pain
Like someone's plotting to kill the minister of
Sports and Recreation now that's insane
Sometimes I just wanna puke Sgt. Preston of the Yukon
Dudley Dooright's such a jerk
And though he tries with all his heart, my horse couldn't catch a
shopping cart
Somedays I hate to go to work
CHORUS
Hilarious Banter
CHORUS"
"1809" "I spend my days watching TV with a beer
(ooh-ahh, you're fat)
This seems to have caused my upper belly to appear
(ooh-ahh, you're fat)
Then one day, my woman went and left me
(she did not want to sleep with a whale)
She said she found someone more manly
(a body that could not fail)
So I went and I looked into the mirror
(you look like a big tub of goo)
And I dreamed of being big and manly
(dreaming is the best you can do)
I though to myself, what would I ask for
(if someone gave you a wish)
I think I'd like to look like my hero
(he's one big manly bisch)
I want to look like Arnold Schwartzenegger
I don't want to be fat and weak, oh no, oh no
I want to look like Arnold Schwartzenegger
I want a manly physique
I put down the cheetos and I went on a crash diet
(carrots were all you ate)
Then I noticed that my skin was turning orange
(you're just a big mistake)
Then I overdosed on diet pills
(too bad you did not die)
Still I want to look like my idol
(the great big beefy guy)
I want to look like Arnold Schwartzenegger
I don't want to be fat and weak, oh no, oh no
I want to look like Arnold Schwartzenegger
I want a manly physique
I bought myself a weight set and some steriods
(to make you big and strong)
And I worked out really really hard
(but it did not last for long)
I put out my back, and the steroids made me sterile
(not like it mattered anyway)
And about looking like my hero
(he has one thing to say)
I don't want to look like Arnold Schwartzenegger
I don't mind being fat and weak, oh no, oh no
I don't want to look like Arnold Schwartzenegger
It's easier being fat and lazy
You'll never look like Arnold Schwartzenegger
You'll always be fat and weak, oh yes, oh yes
You'll never look like Arnold Schwartzenegger
You are fat and ugly"
"1810" "Dad threw up on Christmas Day
He puked on the serving tray
The stuffing's come right out of Daddy dear
Now everybody's Christmas vacation
Will be filled with a viral infection
Maybe we'll all be better by next year
We felt more than a breeze
When Daddy had to sneeze
It didn't sound a lot like Ah-Choo
Mom was saying grace
When Daddy barked on her face
So Mom asked God to bless the vomit too
Dad threw up on Christmas Day
He got some chunks on Uncle Ray
Who kept on talking about his pancreas
We'll all remember Christmas Eve
As the last time we were free of disease
And able to digest some solid food"
"1811" "Me work hard 5 days a week/
Sweeping garbage from the street.
Come home not want book to read/
Not 'nuff pictures for me see.
Sit right down in favourite chair/
Wearing only underwear.
Favourite night is Saturday night/
'Cause me can watch hockey fights!
Me Like Hockey!
Me Like Hockey!
Me not like pro basketball/
'Cause me short and they all tall.
Baseball slow like Forrest Gump/
'Cept when Robby spits on ump.
Wrestlemania not so great/
Me like to see Hulk Hogan skate.
TV soccer not so hot/
You play bad then you get shot.
Me Like Hockey!
Me Like Hockey!
Swedish players must be geeks/
'Cause they still got own real teeth.
Not like Finnish players names/
What's a Teemu anyways?
Russians worse in history/
Got stupid names like Valery.
Me like Sergei Federov/
Me like him more if head were off!
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Me Like Hockey!
Me Like Hockey!
Please Mr. Linesman let the players fight
Please Mr. Linesman let the players fight
Please Mr. Linesman let the players fight
Please Mr. Linesman let the players fight
Let them fight,
Let them fight,
Let them fight let them fight let them fight let them fight let them!"
"1812" "George Washington was the president
But now he's dead (dead)
Mackenzie King was Prime Minister
But now he's dead (dead)
So don't go into politics
You'll end up dead
Don't go into politics
You'll end up dead
Offenheimer built the bomb
But now he's dead (dead)
Einstien was very very smart
But not enough not to be dead (dead)
So don't go into science
You'll end up dead
Don't go into science
You'll end up dead
And don't go into politics
You'll end up dead
Don't go into politics
You'll end up dead
Jimi Hendrix, Janice Joplin, Brian Jones, Keith Moone,
Jim Morrison, Roy Orbison,
John Lennen, Bob Marley, Leonard Bernstien, Elvis Presley
Well, we're not too sure about Elvis
But I think you get the point
Don't go into music
You'll end up dead
Don't go into music
You'll end up dead
And don't go into science
You'll end up dead
Don't go into politics
You'll end up dead
Break it down
You'll be burned, you'll be fried
You'll be buried alive
And there's no hope thinkin'
That you're gonna survive
'Cause there's the drowning and choking
And cancer from smoking
And smothered while sleeping
And blood will start seeping
So I have found, you'll end up in the ground
And you'll be dead
So I have found, you'll end up in the ground
I wish there was an option instead
But you'll be dead
Dead
Maybe with a bullet in your head
But you'll be dead
Dead
Very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very dead"
"1813" "The holidays are over, you've gained twenty pounds
The cat's choking on tinsel, pine needles stalk the ground
There are no cards in the mailbox, just a stack of bills
Yes, the holidays are over and you are feeling ill
Have a happy Christmas hangover
It's the most miserable time of the year
The eggnog's made you fat, the party is over
'Cept for your wacky Uncle who is still drinking your beer
Turkey's great on Christmas bur after a whole month
Of turkey pie stew and pie you start to dread lunch
Breakfast is much scarier 'cause all there is to eat
Is fourteen Christmas cakes and a bag of cranberries
Have a happy Christmas hangover
It's the most miserable time of the year
Your uncle's in the bathroom and granny's on the sofa
And you start to wish that they'd just disappear
You ate too many liquor-filled chocolates
Got no money left in your pockets
But at least you got lots of
Ugly sweaters and bow ties and socks
(And twenty-two calenders!)
You're skin is pale and pasty, your energy is spent
Along with all the money you need to pay the rent
The children are all crying ''cause they've broken all their toys
Is this misery worth one day of joy?
Have a happy Christmas hangover
It's the most miserable time of the year
Your uncle has passed out on granny on the sofa
And you start to wish that you could disappear
And you start to wish that you cold disappear"
"1814" "Chorus
Christmas is almost here (x3)
Aaahhhggggrrr!
It's just five days till Christmas, I haven't done a thing
Don't even have a Christmas tree, I am panicking
Most lots are all sold out, I search until the night
I end up with a grubby shrub with a case of blight
CHORUS
It's four days till Christmas, still have to decorate
Spend hours in the basement until I find the crate
Of lights and bulbs and popcorn strings, tangled in a knot
Then I spend the day separating what I've got
CHORUS
It's three days till Christmas, I spent all day writing cards
I started writing letters now I just say \"best regards\"
I shove 'em in a mailbox and to the mall I go
To get gifts for Jim and Jane and Tim and Uncle Joe (and aunt Mavis and Grandma and
....)
CHORUS
Two days till Christmas, a million things to do
Clean the house, put on tea, company is due
Where are my in-laws, they should have shown up
I bet they're at the airport I forgot to pick them up
CHORUS (x4)
Christmas is here
It's finally Christmas, the kids wake me up at five
I fall downstairs a messy haired zombie, half-alive
Spend all day serving company, then fall down inert
If these are my holidays I'd rather stay at work"
"1815" "The best things in life are not free
But you don't need to have money
To get the things that you want to own
You just have to get a loan
When you buy, small or large
Just put it on your credit card
You can live like a king
Not paying for a single thing
Put it on credit and then forget it
Don't let it bother you no more no more
Put it on credit and then forget it
And go back to the store
Every night, I pray and thank
God above for creating the banks
They have been so kind to me
With their boundless generosity
If you cannot make your payments
Well, do like the national governments
You can pay off what you owe
By taking out a bigger loan
Ya gotta put it on credit and then forget it
Don't let it bother you no more no more
Put it on credit and then forget it
And go back to the store
Now I seem to have men after me
From the collection agency
And the bank came by the other day
Took everything I own away
Now I think that it is plain to see
That I must declare bankruptcy
But things aren't really all that bad
I can borrow from my dad!
And put it on credit and then forget it
Don't let it bother you no more no more
Put it on credit and then forget it
And go back to the store
Ya gotta put it on credit and then forget it
Don't let it bother you no more no more
Put it on credit and then forget it
And go back to the store"
"1816" "Listen up brothers and sisters, come hear my desperate tale
I speak of our friends of nature, trapped in the dirt like a jail
Vegetables live in oppression, served on our tables each night
The killing of veggies is madness, I say we take up the fight
Salads are only for murderers, coleslaw's a fascist regime
Don't think that they don't have feelings, just 'cause a radish can't
scream
CHORUS
I've heard the screams of the vegetables (scream scream
scream)
Watching their skins being peeled (Having their insides
revealed)
Grated and steamed with no mercy (burning off calories)
How do you think that feels (bet it hurts really bad)
Carrot Juice constitutes murder (and that's a real crime)
Greenhouses prisons for slaves (let my vegetables grow)
It's time to stop all this gardening (it's as dirty as hell)
Let's call a spade a spade (is a spade is a spade...)
I saw a man eating celery, so I beat him black and blue
If he ever touches a sprout again, I'll bite him clean in two
I'm a political prisoner trapped in a windowless cage
'cause I stopped the slaughter of turnips by killing five men in a
rage
I told the judge when he sentenced me, this is my finest hour
I'd kill those farmers again just to save one more cauliflower
CHORUS
How low as people do we dare to stoop
Making young broccolis bleed in the soup
Untie your beans, uncage your tomatoes, let potted plants free
Don't mash that potato
I've heard the screams of the vegetables (scream scream
scream)
Watching their skins being peeled (fates in the stir fry are
sealed)"
"1817" "Well me n' my buddies we got us some beer
And a great big bottle of rye
And boxes of ammo and guns to go with 'em
And good old Charlie's glass eye
Well we looked all around so we sees all of nature
So calm and so serene
But not for long 'cause we're gonna use our guns
To make furry animals scream
'Cause we're goin' huntin'
We're gonna kill somethin'
I don't care what it is
Maybe a raccoon, maybe a gopher,
maybe the neighbour's kids!
We're goin' huntin'
We're gonna kill somethin'
I don't care what it is
Maybe a raccoon, maybe a gopher,
maybe the neighbour's kids!
Well off we go, our guns are loaded
And so's are we
We weaves through the bushes and falls on our faces
And piss on the nice trees
And then we spot something moving in on us
We pump it full of lead
And smile real wide as we hear it scream
And thud as it falls down dead
'Cause we're goin' huntin'
We're gonna kill somethin'
I don't care what it is
Maybe a raccoon, maybe a gopher,
maybe the neighbour's kids!
We're goin' huntin'
We're gonna kill somethin'
I don't care what it is
Maybe a raccoon, maybe a gopher,
maybe the neighbour's kids!
Well off we go to see what we killed
And watch the damn thing bleed
The first thing we see is a bright orange cap
And we shot down Ol' Charlie
But he don't too mind, he smiled all the time
He died real happy
But next time he should tell us
When he's goin' off to take a pee
'Cause we're goin' huntin'
We're gonna kill somethin'
I don't care what it is
Maybe a raccoon, maybe a gopher,
maybe the neighbour's kids!
We're goin' huntin'
We're gonna kill somethin'
I don't care what it is
Maybe a raccoon, maybe a gopher,
maybe the neighbour's kids!
Well the sun it goes down and we head back to town
And we hop in our pickup truck
Strap Charlie to the hood, n' start up the engine
Try n' get home with any luck
Well what do you know, we run 'to a pole
But we're all still in one piece
And we get a free ride back into town
Courtesy of the police.
'Cause we're goin' huntin'
We're gonna kill somethin'
I don't care what it is
Maybe a raccoon, maybe a gopher,
maybe the neighbour's kids!
We're goin' huntin'
We're gonna kill somethin'
I don't care what it is
Maybe a raccoon, maybe a gopher,
maybe the neighbour's kids!"
"1818" "im the only gay eskimo
im the only one i know
im the only gay eskimo in my tribe
i go out seal hunting with my best friend tarka
but all i wanna do is get into his parka
im the only gay eskimo in my tribe
well me and NUCK fluck chuck buck we both like blubber
but me i got this crazy fetish for rubber
im the only gay eskimo in my tribe
i make the wish on the northern lights
that i could find a decent pair of whale skin tights
im the only gay eskimo in my tribe
and the seals the sing now(seal noises)
these cold winter nights are taking their toll
i even get excited when i see the north pole
see the north pole
im the only gay eskimo
only gay eskimo
im the only one i know
im the only one i know
im the only gay eskimo
in my tribe
now like the proclaimers sing it!
Im the only gay eskimo
im the only one i know
im the only gay eskimo
Like Bob Dillon!
Im the only gay eskimo
im the only one i know
im the only gay eskimo"
"1819" "From the deepest, darkest depths of...Whitby!
Comes this sordid tale of speed...
Murderous mayhem..
Cataclysmic combustion...
Picturesque powered pistons...
Accellerating automotive alarms...
Stunningly stupifying stereo stunts!
One man...a dream...a car...a 1984...Plymouth...HORIZON...
I loved the car from tail to grill
I wouldn't change a thing
I wouldn't trade the ashtray
For the Queen's engagement ring
But things they started going wrong
And went from bad to worse
The clutch went kinda funny
Then I couldn't use reverse
Still I loved my baby
And would not admit defeat
Just because it left a trail
Of rust along the street
It kept on running bravely
On duct tape and a prayer
Plus a monthly tribute to
The guy who did repairs
It all seems so unfair (That was back the day he bought)
Horizon!
Horizon!
Till one day on the parking lot
They called four-oh-one
My car became the meat between
A Buick-Honda bun
I saw some parts go flying
That you really need to drive
My car had become roadkill
Though it never was alive
Left a muffler in the passing lane
A hubcap in the slow
The windshield on the median
A headlight in the snow
And as I skidded off the road
The other drivers laughed
My middle-finger greeting
Would be my epitaph
Death would come at last (Here lies the man who dared to drive)
Horizon!
Now I look at my bent fender
The twisted wheel rim
I wonder if Horizon
Will ever drive again
But I know that this was not the end
Road warriors die hard
And I signed Mister Iacocca's
Organ donor card
The steel will get recycled
And they'll build another car
Bigger, faster, stronger
An automotive star
My quest will then begin
And revenge will soon be mine
As I drive my gleaming three-door
Orange Chrysler Frankenstein
Searching for that Buick
To try to end its days
We'll settle up that score
And then we'll drive away (The sun will rise again on the)
Horizon!
My Horizon!
My Horizon!"
"1820" "Scott became famous for freezing to death in Antartica.
Columbus made history thinking some island was India.
General Custer's a national hero for not knowing when to run.
All these men are famous, and they're also very dumb.
History is made by stupid people.
Clever people wouldn't even try.
If you wanna place in the history books,
Then do something dumb before you die.
Nobility are famous for no reason.
Marie Antoinette enjoyed her cake.
She cause a Revolution when she would not share.
And her husband lost his head for that mistake.
The Hindenberg was a giant zeppelin.
Her makers made a minor oversight.
Before they filled it up with explosive gas
They should have fixed the no smoking light.
'Cause!
History is made by stupid people.
Clever people wouldn't even try.
If you wanna place in the history books,
Then do something dumb before you die.
Tally-Ho! Tally-Ho!
Our king and country's honor we will save.
Tally-Ho! Tally-Ho!
We're marching into history and the grave.
So, if your son or daughter seem too lazy,
Sitting there watching MAD T.V.
Just remember you should be quite grateful
At least they're not making history.
Ahhh!
History is made by stupid people.
clever people wouldn't even try.
If you wanna place in the history books,
Then do something dumb before you die.
Do something dumb before you die
Do something dumb before you die!!"
"1821" "When I look around me, I can't believe what I see
It seems as if this country has lost its will to live
The economy is lousy, we barely have an army
But we can still stand proudly 'cause Canada's really big
We're the second largest country on this planet earth
And if Russia keeps on shrinking then soon we'll be
first
(As long as we keep Quebec)
The USA has tanks and Switzerland has banks
They can keep them thanks, they just don't amount
'cause when you get down to it, you find out what the truth
is
It isn't what you do with it its the size that counts
Most people will tell you that France is pretty large
But you can put fourteen France's into this land of ours
(It'd take a lot of work, It'd take a whole lot of work)
We're larger than Malaysia, almost as big as Asia
We're bigger than Australia and it's a continent
So big we seldom bother to go see one another
Though we often go to other countries for vacations
Our mountains are very pointy, our prairies are not
The rest is kinda bumpy, but man do we have a lot
(we've got a lot of land, we've got a whole lot of land)
So stand up and be proud and sing out very loud
We stand out from the crowd 'cause Canada's really big"
"1822" "It's early in the morning, way before dawn
I down a cup of coffee put my lucky hat on
Get down to the water, before all the crowds
Gonna have more fun than the law allows
With my hot rod, I go out to prove
When I'm on the prowl, I never lose
I fire up my Merc and put the throttle down
'Cause I've got the fastest fishing boat in town
I open up my tackle box, it's so big!
Crank baits, sink baits, beer and jigs
Got my bobbers on, and my 10 pound test
Gonna catch me a lunker gonna be the best
(Gonna go fishing) Gonna have some fun
(Gonna go fishing) 'Cause it's number one
(Gonna go fishing) Gonna sit on my butt
(Gonna catch a fish) And scrape out its guts
Ahhh, fishing!
I fish on the lake, by the sunken tree stump
Between the sewage output, and the chemical dump
Don't swim in the lake, says a sign on a tree
It's a good thing that fish can't read
I got my 10 dollar lure, the one that floats
And I make a big cast from my 20 grand boat
With my thousand dollar rod, or maybe it's more
Gonna catch me a fish that's 5 bucks at the store
(Gonna go fishing) Gonna have some fun
(Gonna go fishing) 'Cause it's number one
(Gonna go fishing) Gonna sit on my butt
(Gonna catch a fish) And scrape out its guts
Ahhh, fishing!
I feel something tugging on the end of my line
(Tug, tug, tug, tug, tug that line)
I'm gonna catch a fish, it's gonna be so fine
(Fish, fish, fish, fish, fish so fine)
Oh it feels so good to touch fish slime
(Slime, slime, slime, slime, fishy slime)
There's nothing else to do with my free time
(Time, time, time, time, waste of time)
[Guitar solo]
Let's catch a fishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfish
Eat a fishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfish
Swallow a fishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfish
Digest a fishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfish
Out comes the fishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfish
It was a fishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfish
(Gonna go fishing) Gonna have some fun
(Gonna go fishing) 'Cause it's number one
(Gonna go fishing) Gonna sit on my butt
(Gonna catch a fish) And scrape out its guts
Ahhh--
(Gonna go fishing) Gonna have some fun
(Gonna go fishing) 'Cause it's number one
(Gonna go fishing) Gonna sit on my butt
(Gonna catch a fish) And scrape out its guts
Ahhh, fish-fish-fishing C-A-N-A-D-A!"
"1823" "I never much believed in reincarnation
Thought it was only people's imagination
But now I'm forced into some reconsideration
'Cause something's happened to my cat
That deserves some explanation
William Shakespeare's in my cat
My kitty is the bard
He used to be a playwright
Now he's digging up the yard
He's still a cat in most respects
He likes to meow and purr
But now I introduce him as the cat
That wrote Richard the third
I took him to see Phantom
He said it was quite nice
But he can't go see Miss Saigon
Until he kills some mice
(Until he kills some mice)
William Shakespeare's in my cat
It sometimes seems so deep
The guy who wrote Twelfth Night
Chews on my socks while I'm asleep
I'm really quite impressed
I own the cat who wrote MacBeth
But if something's rotten in this state
It's just his fishy breath
'Cause he wrote Romeo and Juliet
But his greatest story yet
Is coming back as someone's pet
And gettin' neutered by the vet
He got his paws caught in a net
Then he said to be or not to meeeow!
William Shakespeare's in my cat
He rarely ever talks
He makes his loudest statements
Standing in the litter box
He sleeps on all my shelves
And throws my books about the house
It doesn't sound like prose
When he bats a squeaky mouse
Sam Beckett's plays are witty,
Same thing for Bernard Shaw,
Oscar Wilde is pretty,
But none of them have paws
(None of them have paws)
William Shakespeare's in my cat
He chases bits of fluff
John Milton's in my goldfish
But I never liked his stuff
I'm thinking that Franz Kafka
Really came back as a bug
And I hope Andrew Lloyd Webber
Will stay underneath my rug
'Cause he wrote Romeo and Juliet
But his greatest story yet
Is coming back as someone's pet
And gettin' neutered by the vet
He got his paws caught in a net
Then he said to be or not to meeeow!
Take it, Trevor!
He wrote Romeo and Juliet
But his greatest story yet
Is coming back as someone's pet
And gettin' neutered by the vet
He got his paws caught in a net
Then he said to be or not to meeeow!"
"1824" "This year at Christmas, everybody's feeling funny
No one's making joyful sounds
Cranberry sauce ain't staying down
The lineups at the bathroom are longer than at the mall
Everybody's meeting Vincent
the Christmas Virus
Vincent the Christmas Virus
He's the one that'll keep you up all night
He's the festive parasite
Vincent the Christmas Virus
Vincent the Christmas Virus is resistant to penicillin
Doesn't notice Aspirin
Don't matter if you're fit and trim
But Vincent's not immune to the effects of alcohol
So get real drunk on Christmas Day
Let's all toast to Vincent (Hooray!)"
"1825" "ooooh come back proud Canadians
To before you had TV
No hockey night in canada!
There was no CBC (oh my god)
In 1812 Maddison was mad
He was the president you know
well he thought he'd tell the British
Where they aught to go
He thought he'd invade canada
He thought that he was tough
Instead we went to washingon...
[chorus]
And burned down all his stuff!
And the white house burned burned burned down
And we're the ones that did it
It burned burned burned
while the president ran and cried
It burned burned burned down
And things were very historical
and the americans ran and cried like a bunch of little babies yeah
wah wah wah!
In the war of 1812
Us Hillbillies from Kentucky
Dressed in green and red
Left home to fight in Canada
But the returned home dead
Its the only war the Yankees lost
Except for Vietnam
And also the alamo
and the bay of... Ham
The loser was america
the winner was ourselves
so join right in and gloat about
the war of 1812
[chorus]
In 1812 we were just sittin around
Puttin crops into the ground
we heard the soldiers coming and we didnt like that sound
so we took a boat to washington
and burned it to the ground
ooooh we fired our guns but the yankees kept-a-comin
There wasn't quite as many as there was a while ago
we fired once more and the yankees started runnin
Down the mississippi to the gulf of mexico-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-ooo
They ran through the snow and they ran through the forest
They ran through the bushes where the beavers wouldnt go
The ran so fast they forgot to take their culture
Back to America and the gulf of mexico-oo-oo-ooo
so if you go to washington
its buildings clean and nice
bring a pack of matches
and we'll burn the white house twice
and the whitehouse burned burned burned
but the americans wont admit it
it burned burned burned
it burned it burned it burned
it burned burned burned
how that made them mad
and the americans ran and cried like a bunch of little babies
wah wah wah
in the war of 1812 (dragged out)"
"1826" "One year I got a dog for Christmas
and I gave it to the boy next door
Then I gave him my bike and my mom's bank card
'cause that's what Christmas is for
I used to give a lot at Christmas
You might say I gave to much
Until my family was broke and we had no place to live
That's why, Christmas Sucks
I went down to the mall each Christmas
had to the Santa what to bring
A train, a bike, a pony and a great big pile of cash
and please don't get my sister anything
But the shopping mall Santa has been drinking
His nose is red from years of drinking scotch
He probably won't remember what's on my Christmas list
This Father Christmas sucks
Chorus:
Christmas Sucks, Christmas Sucks
Getting stuff is much for fun, you gotta look out for number one
Christmas Sucks
Christmas became worse as years went by
It was the most dreaded time of year
My parents got me clothes that just weren't cool
When all I want is money to buy beer
There was a girl at church who I was sweet on
So in the Christmas play I was the ox
I really think she liked me til I stepped on Baby Jesus
Even for our savious Christmas Sucks
Chorus
Now that I am thirty-wight years old
The only things I get are ties and socks
My kids are never happy with what's under the tree
Soon they'll understand Christmas Sucks
Every freakin' year Christmas Sucks
Christmas Sucks, Christmas Sucks, Christmas Sucks"
"1827" "Christmas is here, where did the time go?
Got to load up the reindeer, put on my red suit and go
I use to like Christmas, but every year it gets worse
Getting gift to six billion people is just too much damn work
Got the Christmas blues, man this job is killing me
And most of these stupid new houses don't even have chimneys
I use to be jolly, now I'm depressed
Had a twinkle in my eye, now I've got a bullet proof vest
'cause if the pace don't kill me, some gun totting yahoo will
They keep shooting at me like I'm some sort of big fat red criminal
Got the Christmas blues, I'm starting to see
That I gotta be some sort of loser to get paid in milk and cookies
I've grown to hate kids, especially their mail
Always asking me for stuff, well guess what I don't care, oh
Maybe I'm getting cranky as I get old
'cause I feel like giving them all a big lump of coal
Got the Christmas blues, man, enough is enough
Next year you can find some other sucker to deliver this stuff
Got the Christmas blues, I tell you I'm gonna quit
And find me a steady job with good benefits"
"1828" "Billy solves his problems by calling up his mom
Heather solves her problems with drugs and Alcohol
Daniel solves his problems with a doctor and the law
But Malcolm got his own way and it's better than them all
CHORUS
'Cause Malcolm solves his problems with a chainsaw
Malcolm solves his problems with a chainsaw
Malcolm solves his problems with a chainsaw
and he never has the same problem twice
Whether it's a bill or a cheque arriving late
Rancid marble cheese or a steak that's second rate
Awful TV programs or a broken ELvis plate
Or his fiancee who dumps him because he's gaining weight
CHORUS
and he goes!!
Aaaaggghhh Aaaaggghhh
problem solved"
"1829" "When Christmas rolls around Santa's busy in his shop
Managing his elves and trying to cut costs
His plant is out of date it needs modernization
He has quite a large debt accumulation
Elves are expensive, they do not come cheap
And you would not believe the bills for the heat
Santa stands to lose everything he owns
If he defaults on yet another of his loans
Things are looking bad for Santa
He can slip down chimneys but he can't balance accounts
Things are looking bad for Santa
If he wrote a cheque it probably would bounce
He hires an accountant to come and advise
The accountant says that he has been unwise
'cause even if the costs were cut down drastically
It's still hard to make money giving things away for free
Santa Claus decides to wipe the slate clean
He lays off half the elves and buys mordern machines
Then he auctions off all unnecessary stock
He gets a lot for Rudolf from Ripley's believe it or not
Things are looking bad for Santa
He's made all sorts of changes but it hasn't fixed a thing
Things are looking bad for Santa
Missus Claus has left him and the elves are picketing
Hey! Hey! Ho! Ho! The big fat pig has got to go!
Hey! Hey! Ho! Ho! The big fat pig has got to go!
Santa's had enough he locks the elves outside
He butchers all the reindeer and sells off all their hides
He sells his shop to Disney and leaves the north pole
To go find cheaper labour down in Mexico"
"1830" "Wouldn't it be great if everybody had a gun?
Wouldn't it be great if everybody had a gun?
There'd be no more crime, 'cause everybody'd have a gun!
Wouldn't it be great if everybody had a gun?
Wouldn't it be great if everybody had a gun?
Wouldn't it be great if everybody had a gun?
We wouldn't need the police no more, 'cause everybody'd have a gun!
(Yeah!)
Wouldn't it be great if everybody had a gun?
Wouldn't it be great if everybody had a gun? (had a gun)
Wouldn't it be great if everybody had a gun? (had a gun)
Nobody'd ever get shot, 'cause everybody'd have a gun! (Makes sense!)
Wouldn't it be great if everybody had a gun?
We could go out and shoot things
We could go out and shoot things
We could go out and shoot things
We could go out and shoot things
We could go out and shoot things
We could go out and shoot things
We'd all feel safe, 'cause everybody'd have a gun!
Wouldn't it be great if everybody had a gun? (had a gun)
Wouldn't it be great if everybody had a gun? (had a gun)
Everyone'd be equal, 'cause everybody'd have a gun!
Not me, I got me a rifle!
Well hang on, if you got yourself a rifle then I wanna get me a
semi-automatic weapon!
You get a semi-automatic weapon and I'm gonna want an automatic
weapon!
You get yourself an automatic weapon, I'm gonna get a super-automatic
weapon!
Well if you get a super-automatic weapon, then I'm gonna get a
super-duper-automatic weapon with a CD-ROM drive!
If you get yourself one of those I'm gonna get a
super-duper-automatic weapon with a CD-ROM drive, and a big old hard
drive, and a big guitar amp ...
(rambles on while the rest of the Worms sing)
Wouldn't it be great if everybody had the weapon of their choice?
Wouldn't it be great if everybody had the weapon of their choice?
Wouldn't it be great if everybody had a gun?
(Still rambling..)
I'll go so fast I'll be able to chase you from here to Saigon, and
then I'll shoot like little Nerf rockets at you and poke you in the
eye 'cause it'll have automatic like finger-poking in the eye
things..."
"1831" "Darling for you
I think of what I'd so
To keep you safe and sound
I would climb the highest mountain
I would swim the widest sea
I would wrestle a gorilla to the ground
I would fend off a dozen charging rhinos
I would catch a storm of killer bees
I would fight a firey dragon with a wooden sword
If I didn't know what this could do to me
'Cause it's too dangerous (too dangerous)
I'd really like to do it
But I might get hurt
It's dangerous (too dangerous)
I don't feel like bleeding
On my brand new shirt
You might say I'm cowardly
Or say I'll full of fright
You might call me yellow
And baby you'd be right!
So I'd skip across volcanoes full of lava
I'd even grab a tiger by the tail
I would make fun of
A boxing champion's mother
But my courage and my bowels both would fail
I would fight off a bunch
Of angry Kosacks
I would stop a thousand
Bullets with my hand
I would laugh
As my leg was amputated..
But baby, I'm not that kind of man!
'Cause it's too dangerous (too dangerous)
I use big words
But I never do the deed
It's dangerous (too dangerous)
I faint like a baby
If I see somebody bleed
I haven't got a backbone
I'm as timid as a mouse
I would find a cure for this
But I can't leave the house!
Cause it's dangerous
Too dangerous
Too dangerous
For me!
For me!
For me."
"1832" "Well grab your shoes, and grab your balls
And lets head to those heavenly halls
Sit on down and grab a beer
Because bowling time is pretty near
Tortured men forget their pain
When they head to the bowling lane
Let's go bowling
Let's go bowling, got a coupon
Let's go bowling, for a free game
Let's go bowling
Let's go bowling, let's go bowling
Let's do it now
Because Wrestlemania's fine by me
Monster trucks are a sight to see
A cultured life, that's nice and all
But there ain't nothing better than a bowling ball
You know the sport that God would choose
Is the one with the three-tone leather-sole shoes
Let's go bowling
Let's go bowling, got a coupon
Let's go bowling, from a juice can
Let's go bowling
Let's go bowling, let's go bowling
Let's do it now
Yes bowling! The sport of kings! The sport of queens!
The sport of dukes...Earls...Bos...Johns...anything that
Looks good when it's embroidered on a polyester shirt.
And you know, bowling takes on this almost religious
Significance because it's so much like a religion.
I mean the ball is round, like the earth, and it's got
The holy trinity: the Father, the Son, and the..
Thumbhole. And as you roll the ball down the alley of
Life...Striking out the pagan religions of the past...
Sparing them the anguish of their lives in the gutter...
Framing their existence in an eternal metaphysicalness
Something like a 7-10 split!
We'll be bowling in Moosejaw (yeah, yeah)
We'll be bowling in Hickton (yeah, yeah)
We'll be bowling in Gander (yeah, yeah)
And in the Kingston Township (yeah, yeah)
We'll be bowling Vancouver, bowling Saskatoon
Someday they'll even be bowling on the moon
I said yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Let's go bowling
Let's go bowling, got a coupon
Let's go bowling, for free shoes
Let's go bowling
Let's go bowling, let's go bowling
Let's do it now"
"1833" "The Lord above
saved his only son
To spread the word of God
to everyone
Jesus cured the lepers, aw
And he healed the lame
But he left the bald men
with their pain
Oh my Lord
I lost what I had
I've suffered the fate
Of my old dad
I've looked in the hills
In the valleys everywhere
But I cannot see why
You took my hair
I'm losin' my hair (losin' my hair)
I'm losin' my hair (losin' my hair)
What was on my head (above I saw)
Is no longer there (losin' my hair)
When you see the light
It's my forehead's glare
Oh, don't you care (hey you up there)
I'm losin' my hair (yeah, yeah)
I've tried to pray
And I've tried to grieve
I've tried the wig
And I've tried the weave
I've tried the transplant
And I've tried the graft
But my hair
Is thin and fat
Oh my good Lord
Why'd you take my hair?
Are You making a carpet
For heaven's stairs
To warm the feet
Of the chosen souls?
But in the meantime,
My head's getting cold!
I'm losin' my hair (losin' my hair)
I'm losin' my hair (losin' my hair)
What was on my head (above I saw)
Is no longer there (losin' my hair)
When you see the light
It's my forehead's glare
Oh, don't you care (hey you up there)
That I'm losin' my hair (yeah, yeah)
We are your children
And we are blessed
But most of my hair
Is now on my chest
In Your old wisdom
You took it off my head
Why couldn't you
Just rob me blind instead?
Oh Lord above
On Judgement Day
Will you forgive me
For my toupee
And when I march
Through the gates a-pearl
Can I have hair in
Your afterworld?
I'm losin' my hair (losin' my hair)
I'm losin' my hair (losin' my hair)
What was on my head (above I saw)
Is no longer there (losin' my hair)
When you see the light
It's my forehead's glare
Oh, don't you care (hey you up there)
I'm losin' my hair (yeah, yeah)
Yeah, I'm losin' my hair, I'm losin' my hair
But I know a lot of other people out there are losin'
their hair too.
And I know every night, you pray to God, don't you?
Yeah, you do, don't you?
You pray to God to give you more hair!
You wake up the next morning, you go in that shower,
you look in that drain...
There's your hair. It ain't on your head no more.
But you know, maybe your call's just not getting through.
God's a busy man, and a lot of people try to get him on
the intergalactic telephone.
But maybe, maybe if we all pray together, we'll get God's
phone to ring! Thank you.
So gimme an amen (amen)
Amen (amen)
C'mon AMEN (amen)
AMEN (amen)
Oh yeah, the phone is ringin', the phone is ringin', God's
pickin' it up. I think we might have woken him up, he might
be a little bit grumpy, but it doesn't matter, 'cause we're
gonna tell him what we want, aren't we? (yeah) Aren't we?
(yeah)
I need help for my scalp (help for my scalp)
Oh give me help for my scalp (help for my scalp)
Oh yeah, I'm feeling the power, the power of the Lord.
It's in me! It's all around me! This man, this man
has split ends on the end of his head. Let those split
ends be healed!
(Miracle...follicle...miracle...follicle...)
Oh my Lord
Up on your throne
I gotta know
Do you use a comb?
Is your hair wavy?
Is your hair blonde?
Is it curly?
Or is it GONE?
Is to be bald
To be divine
'Cause all the monks
Have heads that shine
If that's your way
Then I don't care
I'd sell my soul to
Get more hair!
I'm losin' my hair (losin' my hair)
I'm losin' my hair (losin' my hair)
What was on my head (above I saw)
Is no longer there (losin' my hair)
When you see the light
It's my forehead's glare
Oh, don't you care (hey you up there)
I'm losin' my hair (yeah, yeah)
I'm losin' my hair (losin' my hair)
I'm losin' my hair (losin' my hair)
What was on my head (above I saw)
Is no longer there (losin' my hair)
When you see the light
It's my forehead's glare
Oh, don't you care (hey you up there)
I'm losin' my hair (yeah, yeah)
Oh, don't you care
Oh, don't you care
I'm losin' my hair"
"1834" "Watchin' television one afternoon
Lookin' for a movie or a good cartoon
Stopped by a station's commercial break
When suddenly I'm faced with a heartache
The woman of my dreams is plain in view
Sellin' me a can of liver stew
I said dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
Dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
Dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
Dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
You steal my heart, and you take my soul
Every time I see you fill Fido's bowl
Now I watch TV 20 hours a day
Just to watch your commercials play
If someday your love was in reach
I'd be all yours honey, you could put me on a leash
You love that dog, could you love a man?
I make my own gravy when you show that can
I said dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
Dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
Dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
Dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
You steal my heart, and you take my soul
Every time I see you fill Fido's bowl
I figure the only way she'll notice me
Is if I buy what she's sellin' on TV
So I stop at the local shopping mall
Head to the pet store and buy it all
Go to the bank and empty my savings
So I can buy more of what Spot is craving
Spent all my money by accident
Can't buy groceries or pay the rent
Got evicted now I live on the street
Crunchy kibbles all I got to eat
My breath is real bad, my tongue's turning black
But I've got a nice shiny coat of hair on my back
I said dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
Dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
Dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
Dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
You steal my heart, and you take my soul
Every time I see you fill Fido's bowl
(Dogs barking and howling)
Yeah, take it for a walk!
I said dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
Dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
Dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
Dog food (dog food)
Dog food woman
You steal my heart, and you take my soul
Every time I see you fill Fido's bowl"
"1835" "I used to be a farmer and I made a living fine
I had a little stretch of land along the C.P. Line
But times went by, and though I tried, the money wasn't there
And bankers came and took my land, and told me \"fair is fair\".
I looked for every kind of job, the answer always no
\"Hire you now,\" they'd always laugh, \"we just let twenty go!\"
The government, they promised me a measly little sum
But I've got too much pride to end up just another bum
Then I thought, who gives a damn if all the jobs are gone,
I'm gonna be a pirate on the river Saskatchewan.
'Cause it's a heave-ho, high-ho, coming down the Plains
Stealing wheat and barley and all the other grains
And it's a ho-hey, high-hey, farmers bar your doors
When you see the Jolly Roger on Regina's mighty shores
Well, you'd think the local farmers would know that I'm at large
But just the other day I found an unprotected barge
I snuck up right behind them and they were none the wiser
I rammed their ship and sank it, and I stole their fertilizer.
A bridge outside of Moose Jaw spans a mighty river
Farmers cross in so much fear their stomachs are a-quiver
'Cause they know that Tractor Jack is hidin' in the bay,
I'll jump the bridge and knock 'em cold and sail off with their hay.
'Cause it's a heave-ho, high-ho, coming down the Plains
Stealing wheat and barley and all the other grains
And it's a ho-hey, high-hey, farmers bar your doors
When you see the Jolly Roger on Regina's mighty shores
Well, Mountie Bob, he chased me, he was always at my throat
He followed on the shoreline, 'cause he didn't own a boat,
But cutbacks were a-coming, so the Mountie lost his job
So now he's sailing with me and we call him Salty Bob.
A swinging sword, a skull-and-bones, and pleasant company,
I never pay my income tax and screw the G.S.T. (Screw it!)
Sailin' down the Saskatoon, the terror of the sea
If you wanna reach the Co-op, boy, you gotta get by me!
'Cause it's a heave-ho, high-ho, coming down the Plains
Stealing wheat and barley and all the other grains
And it's a ho-hey, high-hey, farmers bar your doors
When you see the Jolly Roger on Regina's mighty shores
Well pirate life's appealing but you don't just find it here
I hear in north Alberta there's a band of buccaneers
They roam the Athabasca from Smith to Fort McKay
And you're gonna lose your Stetson if you have to pass their way
Well, winter is a-coming and a chill is in the breeze
My pirate days are over once the river starts to freeze
I'll be back in springtime, but now I have to go
I hear there's lots of plundering down in New Mexico.
'Cause it's a heave-ho, high-ho, coming down the Plains
Stealing wheat and barley and all the other grains
And it's a ho-hey, high-hey, farmers bar your doors
When you see the Jolly Roger on Regina's mighty shores
'Cause it's a heave-ho, high-ho, coming down the Plains
Stealing wheat and barley and all the other grains
And it's a ho-hey, high-hey, farmers bar your doors
When you see the Jolly Roger on Regina's mighty shores
When you see the Jolly Roger on Regina's mighty shores"
"1836" "About 6 months ago, someone came by with a petition
Said we'd wanna stop these folks moving in next door
I refused to sign and told him everyone was welcome
'Cause that's what neighbourhoods are for
So they moved in and I'll admit they look peculiar
They invited me to a friendly barbeque
Glad I got to know 'em, and let me tell you something
They may be metallic, but they're just like me and you
No, there's nothing wrong with killer robots from Venus
They gave me zucchini from their garden yesterday (they're very fresh)
No, there's nothing wrong with killer robots from Venus
You may disagree, but I think they're A-OK!
My buddy Charlie never got off the robots' backs
Then one day, him and his whole house disappeared
I talked about it to my neighbours, the killer robots from Venus
They couldn't help me, but agreed that it was wierd...
No, there's nothing wrong with killer robots from Venus
They always mow their lawn, and they joined the PTA (because we care)
No, there's nothing wrong with killer robots from Venus
You may disagree, but I think they're A-OK!
They had us over for an outdoor New Year's party
Though it was 10 below, there was food and drink a-plenty
They got excited as we counted down with them
And when we kissed them, our lips stuck to their heads (ouch)
I was watching the news last night, when I saw something funny
Killer robots from somewhere decimated Montreal
I wondered, could it be my neighbours, the killer robots from Venus?
Could it be them after all?
No. They're so nice! Yeah.
No, there's nothing wrong with killer robots from Venus
They applauded for my kid at the Christmas play (he was the best
shepard)
No, there's nothing wrong with killer robots from Venus
You may disagree, but I think they're A-OK!
You may disagree, but I think they're A-OK!
You may disagree, but I think they're A-OK! (We're OK!)"
"1837" "Our fair country Canada is north of the USA
Our Maritimes are lovely and our prairies give us hay
You might think you Yankees are better than us Canucks
But we don't need no microchips inside our hockey pucks
We know that you got Disney world and you keep it very
clean
But we don't have Bob Dole and we can drink when we're
nineteen
We might watch your TV shows for hours and hours and hours
We'll give you Alan Thicke, but Shania Twain is ours
CHORUS
We're proud to be Canadian
We're awfully nice to strangers, our manners be our curse
It's cool in many ways to be Canadian
We won't say that we're better, it's just that we're less worse
Your beer is not too tasty and you weather can't be beat
We all fly south in the wintertime to escape the snow and sleet
We're pleased to say that we've enjoyed all your southern
charms
But we get sunburnt we exercise the right to bear our
arms
CHORUS
Alanis Morissette she
is our latest pride and joy
She used to sing
about high school
dances and chasin'
after boys
Now she's fed up
and about as angry
as can be
She's got one hand in
her pocket and the
other's in gaurd for
thee
CHORUS X2"
"1838" "If you haven't heard of me I wouldn't be suprised
I bet you know my relatives their names will never die
My mother is a saint and my brother is a God
But all I am is Jesus' brother Bob
CHORUS
Jesus' brotehr Bob, Jesus' brother Bob
A nobody relative of the son of God
If only I'd been born just a little sooner
I'd be more than the brother of God junior
I have to pay the ferry to cross the Galilee
But not my brother, no not him, he walks across for free
I finally get to work 'bout a quarter after nine
Already he's turning water into wine
CHORUS
One day when I was home I heard a mighty roar
There were a thousand people right outside the door
\"Help us Jesus, help us\" came the cheering from the mob
Then they got a look at me, \"Oh nuts, it's only Bob.\"
CHORUS
He died upon the cross, I thought that I was free
Finally people would get to
know me for me
This was my big chance to
finally get ahead
The next thing you know
he's rising from the dead
CHORUS
Bob"
"1839" "When I joined a band I thought my life was pretty cool
We'd stay in hotels with room service and pools
Sign body parts for fans
Check into rehab and smash up the van
But looking back I should have stayed in school.
Life out on the road can be dangerous you see
Truckstop food and smelly roadies
Are not nearly as scary
As that girl who's at every show
Mouthing the words from the front row
The stalker girl is scaring the hell out of me
She's my creepy stalker girl
I'm the centre of her wacked out crazy and delusional world
She follows me every everywhere
She's even got a bag with some bits of my hair
Just go away you creepy stalker girl
She says I touch her in a very special way
But I'd never go near her now without my pepper spray
And the voices in her head
Said break into my house and sleep in my bed
And they also said that shaving the cat was okay
She's my creepy stalker girl
I'm the centre of her wacked out crazy and delusional world
She follows me every everywhere
She's even got a bag with some bits of my hair
Just go away you creepy stalker girl
I've analysed your handwriting and I've got some bad news
You're manic obsessive with abandonment issues
And you think that all our songs
Are about you and you're usually wrong
Except for now this song is so about you
You creepy stalker girl, you creepy stalker girl, you creepy stalker girl"
"1840" "Hey kid, why the long face
Is it 'cause Santa Clause is flying right over your place
You've been a bad kid all year
So quit you snivellin' sucker and wipe up them tears
You don't deserve a damn thing
You're not even cute and your attitude stinks
It must suck to be you
Nobody likes you so what can you do
You think you got problems kid, you think you got strife
But come each December do you fear for your life
I'm your turkey so your troubles are small
I'm stuffed on your table, I'm a tasty butterball
I've got the christmas turkey blues
If you got your necked ripped out then you'd have them too
I've got the christmas turkey blues
You chase me and waste and baste me and taste me and drown me in gravy too
You sir, you look like heck
Didn't you get your Christmas bonus cheque
Or maybe your woman left you
Ripped your heart right out of your chest and spat on it too
Is that why you're wreaking of gin
You look dishevelled and there's drool on your chin
You thought that this love would laugh
But she said Merry Christmas baby and she booted your ass
Well that's tough for you mister, too bad about your ordeal
How about getting stuffed in the wintertime, see how you feel
I don't get to yank no bones or make me a wish
It won't be long til I'm just some scraps on a dish
I've got the christmas turkey blues
If your butt was stuffed and roasted then you'd have then too
I've got the christmas turkey blues
You chase me and waste and baste me and taste me and drown me in gravy too"
"1841" "Often on the weekend I'll jump in my car
I'll not fill up the tank although I'm going far
And if somebody asks me if I'm going to a bar
I'll say I'm shopping 'cross the border in the USA
I do not go down there to buy my groceries
I respect our farmers and our factories
I don't believe that local means it's poor in quality
It's just our goddamned prices are too high
(If he stays away for just two days)
I get one hundred dollars duty-free
(Though it adds two more, will I claim it or)
I don't declare the products if they're in my trunk
(He won't declare the products if they're in his trunk)
Although it is Canada that I call home
I don't cheer for the Yankees when I'm in the dome
I didn't swell with pride during the desert storm
It's just that I don't want to pay the tax
(It's just that he's too cheap to pay the tax)
(Yes it's just like this, he's a loyalist)
I'll only shop at malls that fly our flag
(And he'll tell Bob Ray that he just won't pay)
Unless I need my unemployment benefits
(Get a job! Get a job! Get a job!)
Now everybody's doing the same thing as me
They're doing what they can to beat the GST
They're lining up for miles at the duty-free
So I bought a J.C. Penney store in Buffalo
(So everybody come on down to Buffalo)
('Cause if you stay away for just two days)
You'll get one hundred dollars duty free
(Though it's not at par, it will still go far)
And it ends up in the pockets of our countryman
(It ends up in the pockets of our countryman)"
"1842" "When you hear that I'm a cowboy
And I work the cattle trail
You probably assume I'm big and tough (big and tough)
But the trail's worn me down
I don't wanna hang around
I've just about had enough (had enough)
Ya see, I like a nice cup of Espresso
And I like to read my People magazine
I co-ordinate my chaps
But everybody laughs
And say they don't like that shade of green
Oh no, it's true
I'm a sensitive cowboy and I don't know what to do
Oh no, it's kinda strange
I'm the last sensitive cowboy on the range
Well I try to eat a healthy balanced diet
But they all eat their brown beans from the can
They all have to smoke about 6 packs a day
You'd think they was the Marlboro man
And they don't like to go to see the opera
On Friday nights when they get paid
And they don't help me bring in the hanging plants
Every time there's a Native American raid
Oh no, it's true
I'm a sensitive cowboy and I don't know what to do
Oh no, it's kinda strange
I'm the last sensitive cowboy on the range
Cowboy life sure is different these days..
Why brand your cattle when you can just use bovine psychology?
Why have a gunfight when there are so many good paralegals out there?
Nobody drinks in bushwhacks anymore. Besides, we're all switching
over to equal-salt produced tofu jerkey. And if you're gonna ride off
into the sunset, make sure you're using an effective sunblock.
Oh no, it's true
I'm a sensitive cowboy and I don't know what to do
Oh no, it's kinda strange
I'm the last sensitive cowboy on
Oh no, it's true
I'm a sensitive cowboy and I don't know what to do
Oh no, it's kinda strange
I'm the last sensitive cowboy on the range"
"1843" "Every rock band has this guy
Not many people really know why
He's got a cell phone and a backstage pass
He's got a big gut and a big fat ass
He's a big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
He plugs in guitars and microphone jacks (Big fat road manager)
He makes sure the system won't feed back (Big fat road manager)
He yells \"check one\" 'til his face turns blue (Big fat road manager)
Don't you wish he could count to two?
He's a big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
The contract says there's beer for free (Big fat road manager)
A bottle for you and a case for me (Big fat road manager)
I'll make sure you've a place to stay (Big fat road manager)
Then I'll eat your deli tray
He's a big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
You may wonder
Why the road manager's so wide
He's the one who blocks the door
When the tax collecter comes by
The tour hits the road, he spends his day (Big fat road manager)
At an all-you-can-eat buffet (Big fat road manager)
But if he can come to terms (Big fat road manager)
He will manage the Arrogant Worms
He's a big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Big fat road manager
Is this thing on?"
"1844" "Listen up Canadians, it's time to heed the call
Our destiny's before us, enough of thinking small
Put on your toque and grab a flag, it's time to colonize
I think the other nations will be quite surprised
When Canada rules the world! (Canada, Canada!)
When Canada rules the world! (Canada, Canada!)
When Canada rules the world! (Canada, Canada!)
When Canada rules the world! (Canada, Canada!)
We'll put curling rings in Africa and hockey everywhere
And force the Americans to have free healthcare
We'll bring winter to Australia, to France we'll bring poutine
Then we'll conquer Britain, and install our Queen!
When Canada rules the world! (Canada, Canada!)
When Canada rules the world! (Canada, Canada!)
When Canada rules the world! (Canada, Canada!)
When Canada rules the world! (Canada, Canada!)
And we shall tell them what to do, and if they say they won't
We shall ask again politely, and if they still don't
We will tell them \"It's alright, we don't mean to criticize
But perhaps you would consider some form of compromise?\"
When Canada rules the world! (Canada, Canada!)
When Canada rules the world! (Canada, Canada!)
When Canada rules the world! (Canada, Canada!)
When Canada rules the world! (Canada, Canada!)
Things will be nice"
"1845" "A manly song a manly song I like to sing a manly song
My manly friends all sing along as we sing our manly song
I am a manly man who lives a manly life
In my manly house with my manly wife
And two manly children
And a manly guinea pig
My cell phone's very small and my TV's really big.
A manly song a manly song I like to sing a manly song
My manly friends all sing along as we sing our manly song
I was driving like a man when my tire blew off the hub
So I grabbed my cellphone manfully and called the auto club
I stood there like a man until they came along
And as she changed my tire I sang a manly song.
A manly song a manly song I like to sing a manly song
My manly friends all sing along as we sing our manly song
Then we say hey we say hey
it's fun to say hey hey, hey
in a manly way.
How I long for the days when a man was a man
When belching was a sport and chest hair wasn't banned
When we would all get manicures and eat manatee stew
When little's all we did and nothing's all we knew.
A manly song a manly song I like to sing a manly song
My manly friends all sing along
Long, long, long
As we sing our manly song."
"1846" "There was an old farmer who lived on a rock
He sat in the meadow just shaking his
Fist at some boys who were down by the crick
Their feet in the water, their hands on their
Marbles and play things and at half past four
There came a young lady, she looked like a
Pretty young creature, she sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her
Ruffles and laces and a white fluffy duck
She said she was learning a new way to
Bring up her children so they would not spit
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling
Refuse and litter from yesterday's hunt
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her
Eyes at the fellow down by the dock
He looked like a man with a sizable
Home in the country, with a big fence out front
If he asked her politely she'd show him her
Little pet dog who was subject to fits
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her
Small tender hands with a movement so quick
And then she'd bend over and suck on his
Candy so tasty, made of butterscotch
And then he'd spread whipped cream all over her
Cookies that she had left out on her shelf
If you think this is dirty you can go fuck yourself"
"1847" "Our love is like a new car smell
Sooner or later it all goes to hell
Somebody farts or spills some taco bell
Our love is like a new car smell
Our love is like a barbeque ignition
You know that button you push lights the propane emission
It works for a month then the spark goes missing
Our love is like a barbeque ignition
Our love is like a video game
That you play alot and then it gets lame
Then a new one comes out that's better but the same
Our love is like a video game
Our love..
Our love is like a surgical procedure
It's painful and invasive, your insurance won't cover
And when it's done you walk funny forever
Our love is like a surgical procedure
Our love is like a Meatloaf song
It has its moments but it's way too long
Like a bat outta hell it all goes wrong
Our love is like a Meatloaf song
Our love is like Keanu Reeves
Who's made some really bad movies
That's all time you can't retrieve
Our love is like Keanu Reeves
Our love.."
"1848" ""
"1849" ""
"1850" ""
"1851" ""
"1852" "Never planned for this, it just happened, me and you
And I know that you got a man
I hope he understands that he's about to lose you
Ain't no use in trying to fool yourself
He ain't what you want anymore
Thats what you need me right there for
To help you realize
That he's not what you want up in your life
No I never met another like you
I want you to myself and I gotta have you
Your love for him just ain't the same
Now you wanna rearrange
Now you're sitting thinking of changes
In your heart switch your relations
You can play it off but don't fake this
If it's to much baby then don't take it
Just don't keep me waiting girl
Always on my mind all the time
Girl you know what you do
And I could be in the wrong
But I don't care
Love happens anywhere
Now you can try and pretend to me
That you wouldn't give a damn
But inside can't help to think
Could this not be anymore clearer
No I never met another like you
I want you to myself and I gotta have you
Your love for him just ain't the same
Now you wanna rearrange
Now you're sitting thinking of changes
In your heart switch your relations
You can play it off but don't fake this
If it's to much baby then don't take it
Just don't keep me waiting girl
Girl oh girl you belong with me
And it's not really hard to see
It's time to change the title
It's me and you exclusively so
You should be with you should really be with me
You should be with you should really be with me
You should be with you should really be with me
No I never met another like you
I want you to myself and I gotta have you
Your love for him just ain't the same
Now you wanna rearrange
Now you're sitting thinking of changes
In your heart switch your relations
You can play it off but don't fake this
If it's to much baby then don't take it
Just don't keep me waiting girl"
"1853" "Woahoooo eh eh
Lets go lets go lets go lets go lets go
Verse 1:
remember when we said forever always and more
such a long time ago we're so different than before
i guess this is my way
of finally letting go
we were so pure in the beginning babe, corrupted by the ways of the world
that's when
Chorus:
you wrote goodbye on a white wall with scarlet fingertips
ohh ohh
that's when i left
now i'm sitting here in a white room with a bleeding love unstitched
ohhhh
finally letting go
Verse 2:
me and you we can never be anything that we were before
unforgettable memories and from our time we both have learned
it's a system of the down girl
just waiting for the crash and burn
too young to look so far ahead should have took it one day at a time
that's when
Chorus:
you wrote goodbye on a white wall with scarlet fingertips
ohh ohh
that's when i left
now i'm sitting here in a white room with a bleeding love unstitched
ohhhh
finally letting go
no more rain outside
gunna find love again
(gunna find love again)
ohhhhhhhh ohhhhh ohhhhh
no more clouds over my head
i'm gunna find a better bond
my baby ohhh ohhh ohhhh
Chorus:
you wrote goodbye on a white wall with scarlet fingertips
ohh ohh
that's when i left
now i'm sitting here in white room with a bleeding love unstitched
ohhh
finally letting go
you wrote goodbye on a white wall with scarlet fingertips
ohh ohh
that's when i left
now i'm sitting here in white room with a bleeding love unstitched
ohhh
finally letting go
scarlet fingertips
letting go letting go letting go"
"1854" "Verse 1
Been about a year since I last saw her
so many faces and a room full of strangers
yet all i could hear was her name
so many words that were left unsaid
yet all we could say here and now was hey there
I thought i moved on, until I looked her way
Chorus
never planned to see you here in my zone
thought I had myself back once you were gone
but when i see you smile deep inside I know
I'm just not over you
Verse 2
I barely remember her kiss, her lips, her touch
I barely remember when she used to give me all of her love
my funny valentine, in my heart she will always shine
now look what this girl done did to me
that boy Songz said it best cause its happening baby
will she ever know that she cut me deep
couldn't be her friend again cause that would kill me
and i
Chorus
never planned to see you here in my zone
thought I had myself back once you were gone
but when I see you smile deep inside I know
I'm just not over you
(I'm just not over you)
Verse 3
my first true love and my greatest pain
who thought you'd ever be one in the same
thought i had you out my life
now you're walking back in
girl you know that just aint right
cause i
Chorus
never planned to see you here in my zone
thought i had myself back once you were gone
but when i see you smile deep inside i know
I'm just not over you
I'm just not over you"
"1855" "Lie with me my darling
We'll talk of burning things
The black urgency of the horses' eyes
Melted in the street
The faint smell of hibiscus
The cracks around your lips
Slowly painted over
In some morning before this
My love, I stood for days
Trying to piece back into place
All the words that fused together
In the fluffy ashen pages
I surrendered every one of them
And the case that couldn't come with them
Just to be with you
To be surrounded by your room
With its outline of a fireplace
Behind the chair, by the fern
Talk with me my darling
We'll lie of burning things
The girl ablaze by the lake
Though I could never have seen it
Your light breeze from the ceiling fan
And traffic hum downstairs
That thing you do with your left foot
At the edge of the carpet squares
My love, I could never sleep
Beneath the blankets nor the sheets
Beyond the new meridian
Scratched into my years
I surrendered every one of them
The long long days, the months of green
Just to be with you
To be surrounded by your room
With its sunlight on an absent mantle
And the hour ending soon
Our hour ending soon"
"1856" "Cocoa beans, flat screens,
Things that go BANG!
A thousand singers
Neatly in the palm of my hand.
All-wheel, \"No deal!\"
Electric 'n' gas.
The rain comes down
And then it drips from a tap.
All gather around
The vowels and the nouns
The lights and the noise
All the girls, all the boys
Descended from the apes
Wound-up to become
Clockwork Monkeys,
Each his own little drum,
With a head full of wishes,
A mouth full of kisses
Bright bright spark, out...
Sweet stuff cool stuff
Things that go fast
Get it real quick
Coz it's never gonna last.
It's a good feel, feel good
Keeping my eyes
One forever forward
And the other behind.
Your dreams are recurring
That hand that keeps stirring you
Moving, arousing you
Turning you, wearing you
Down from the apes
Wound-up to become
Clockwork Monkeys,
Each his own little drum,
With a head full of wishes,
And a mouth full of kisses
See none, hear none,
Speak none too,
But it's underneath the nails
And it sticks to the shoes.
Sit down, stand up,
Learn to say \"please\",
When you're old enough to perish
Then we'll give you the keys.
Your dreams are beautiful
Your rhythm impeccable
Marching the hollow men
Into the straw
Descended from the apes
Wound-up to become
Clockwork Monkeys,
Clanging on their drums,
With head full of wishes,
Wishes full of heading
Down from the apes
Wound-up to become
Clockwork Monkeys,
Clinging to their drums,
With head full of wishes,
Wishing and wishing..."
"1857" "I think the last time that I saw him was
West of the border where the trees are black and
Blue is not the colour of the sky
Hands buried deep in the pockets of his jeans
And his wild hair was powdered with
Our familiar ash
I see his face in every corner
Of each and every rear vision mirror
Of every car I drive
And every face in every corner
Of each and every rear vision mirror
Reminds me of our last night
I think the last time that I saw him was
Out by McCarthy's Road where the pictures on the trees are all faded and torn
Wires in his ears and his shirt of just a year ago
Moving in a circle
Erecting dust around his shoes
I see his face in every corner
Of each and every rear vision mirror of every car I drive
And every face in every corner
Of each and every rear vision mirror
Reminds me of our last night
I think the last time that I saw him was
Down by the tracks and the water tower
With its rusted constellations
Lips dry and every muscle spidering
A place to catch the sun or climb above one
I see his face in every corner
Of each and every rear vision mirror
Of every car I drive
And every face in every corner
Of each and every rear vision mirror reminds me of our last night"
"1858" ""
"1859" "Did you feed my cow? (Yes, Ma-am)
Could you tell me how? (Yes, Ma-am)
What did you feed her? (Corn and Hay)
What did you feed her? (Corn and Hay)
Did you milk her good? (Yes, Ma-am)
Now did you milk her like you should? (Yes, Ma-am)
How did you milk her? (Squish, Squish, Squish)
How did you milk her? (Squish, Squish, Squish)
Did my cow get sick? (Yes, Ma-am)
Was she covered with tick? (Yes, Ma-am)
How did she die? (Uh, Uh, Uh)
How did she die? (Uh, Uh, Uh)
Did the buzzards come? (Yes, Ma-am)
Did the buzzards come? (Yes, Ma-am)
How did they come? (Flop, Flop, Flop)
How did they come? (Flop, Flop, Flop)"
"1860" ""
"1861" "I saw a big dog
I saw a bigger dog
I saw the biggest dog of all"
"1862" ""
"1863" ""
"1864" ""
"1865" ""
"1866" ""
"1867" ""
"1868" ""
"1869" "Bring in the riches,
And bring in the goods.
Give us all eyes
That see what they should.
People band together
And for storm in weather beware.
All the raging thunder will come
Crashing in the air!
And the meaning of right
Will be well understood
When that old seed of evil
Gets washed up good.
Follow down the line,
There is no need
For a break in order
Everyone will get their time
Then bottom the anchor
Unset the sail!
People stand ashore!
And watch evil get washed some more!
And the meaning of right
Will be well understood
When that old seed of evil
Gets washed up good.
And the meaning of right
Will be well understood
When that old seed of evil
Gets washed up good.
-George Ellias. (ASCAP) 2010.
End & Co. Records."
"1870" "Early one morning,
On a cloudy day.
Everything was gray...
People were on their way.
Its turning into a ghost town.
Its turning into a ghost town.
its turning into a ghost town.
The place was empty,
the sheriff and the deputy were gone.
They left before the dawn.
The miners, they were all gone.
Its turning into a ghost town.
Its turning into a ghost town.
Its turning into a ghost town.
ghost town
ghost town."
"1871" "Everybody is saying that you are right.
But only I, know the truth about you.
You'd rather see me dead and starved
Yes it's true.
You're as hard as stone and as cold as ice.
And you're going to get what's coming to you
If you don't take my advice.
You get what you can,
while the going is good.
but you know in your mind, you're pushing me
far more than you should...
Right now, my happiness only comes from pretending
Because you've already stomped on my pride,
which I should be defending.
I let you get away with what you did,
I was only being very, very nice.
But you had to take me for someone who's stupid...
You know, I don't like to prove my fights.
Because time,
will show the truth of the matter,
that my kindness was to flatter,
and only to flatter.
I'm not saying that I'm any kind of liar
but why should I let you step on me?
Just to get yourself higher."
"1872" "Wonder babe,
where did you go?
You left me dreaming...
You've got my name,
can I stand by your flame?
In your eyes...
it was beaming.
I'm knocked on the floor,
I want some more
For my head,
it's spinning...
Wonder babe
its a fine thing
wonder babe
its a sweet thing
wonder babe
just the gaze
of your smile,
makes it all worth wandering...
I can't let you go,
oh so soon...
for the stars and the moon
above you,
they're shining...
I want you all to know
like a drum,
my heart is beating."
"1873" ""
"1874" ""
"1875" ""
"1876" ""
"1877" ""
"1878" ""
"1879" ""
"1880" ""
"1881" ""
"1882" ""
"1883" ""
"1884" ""
"1885" ""
"1886" ""
"1887" ""
"1888" ""
"1889" ""
"1890" ""
"1891" ""
"1892" ""
"1893" ""
"1894" ""
"1895" ""
"1896" ""
"1897" ""
"1898" ""
"1899" ""
"1900" ""
"1901" ""
"1902" ""
"1903" ""
"1904" ""
"1905" "(Save me from my own hand)
Ooooooh, set the controls for the heart of the pelvis
Haven't you heard my name rhymes with Elvis
And one thing I know is this
That your mouth is telling me to give you a big kiss
(Now my guard's down)
(Save me from my own hand)
Ahhh, can't you see what's on offer
Yeah babe it's going cheap today
I enter a room and all the girls say
C'mon Jarv, can I be the first?
Oh you make us so hot we feel we're gonna burst
(Now my guard's down)
So please, so please
Don't leave me alone in this double bed
It smells of damp towels and asthma inhalers
Say you're gonna call back later
Save me from these glossy photographs
Save me from my mother's laugh
Save
(Now my guard's down)
That's right girls
That's right girls
Save me from my own hand"
"1906" ""
"1907" ""
"1908" ""
"1909" ""
"1910" ""
"1911" ""
"1912" ""
"1913" ""
"1914" ""
"1915" "Kreni, nek zemlja se zadrma
Kreni, i asfalt i kaldrma,
Kreni, pokreni me bedrima, njedrima,
Njedrima kao sa jedrima.
Kreni, jer meni se dopalo,
Kreni, bezobrazno pomalo,
Kreni, nek vazduh zamirise,
Mirise, mirise da me inspirise.
Ajde, ajde, Jasmina,
Znam ti ukus karmina
Rade crvi u krvi,
I ritam te mrvi,
A ti mi se tu pravis fina."
"1916" "Bum bum Allah vuran vurana, hey ya!
Bum bum yallah kran krana, hey ya!
Hop de bala muhtelif traa
Oh be anlarz paa paa
Salla kurusk daa taa
Kz gibi bak kalanikof
Bum bum batan geminin mallar
Sen aa ol ben paa kollayalm imkanlar
n ii, cin ii deil insan kii
Hem erkek hem dii icabnda
Bum bum hogeldiniz pazara, hey ya!
Bum bum aman gitmesin nazara, hey ya!
Buyrun ayanz alsn
Maksat ortalk karsn
Tezgah tezgah stne kaypsn
Kz gibi bak kalanikof
Bum bum batan geminin mallar
Sen aa ol ben paa kollayalm imkanlar
Vur vur kafasna kafasna
ivi gibi ivi gibi ak ak
Bum bum Allah vuran vurana, hey ya!
Bum bum yallah kran krana, hey ya!
Hop de bala muhtelif traa
Oh be anlarz paa paa
Salla kurusk daa taa
Kz gibi bak kalanikof
Bum bum batan geminin mallar
Sen aa ol ben paa kollayalm imkanlar
n ii, cin ii deil insan kii
Hem erkek hem dii icabnda
Vur vur kafasna kafasna
ivi gibi ivi gibi ak ak
Translation
Lord, nobody's counting the shots
Nobody's holding back the blows
Let's go down to gibbering right away
Don't worry, we'll dig each other anyway
Let's start bluster-blaster, since nobody's around
See man, a brand new Kalashnikov
Let's make a killing man it's a real bargain price
I'm the ace-man, you're the king, let's stick to our scheme
No hocus-pocus here, it's just a man made
Or woman made, thick as appropriate
Welcome to the market
Watch for the evil-eye
Come on it's just a warm-up
A bit of commotion is all we need
Plot-counter-plot and you're lost
See man, a brand new Kalashnikov
Let's make a killing man it's a real bargain price
I'm the ace-man, you're the king, let's stick to our scheme
Hit him on the head, just hit him
Pick up the hammer and nail it in, nail it in
Lord, nobody's counting the shots
Nobody's holding back the blows
Let's go down to gibbering right away
Don't worry, we'll dig each other anyway
Let's start bluster-blaster, since nobody's around
See man, a brand new Kalashnikov
Let's make a killing man it's a real bargain price
I'm the ace-man, you're the king, let's stick to our scheme
No hocus-pocus here, it's just a man made
Or woman made, thick as appropriate
Hit him on the head, just hit him
Pick up the hammer and nail it in, nail it in"
"1917" "Nema vise sunca
Nema vise meseca
Nema tebe, nema mene
Niceg vise, nema joj.
Pokriva nas ratna tama
Pokriva nas tama joj.
A ja se pitam moja draga
Sta ce biti sa nama?
Mesecina, mesecina,
joj, joj, joj, joj
Sunce sija ponoc bije,
joj, joj, joj, joj
Sa nebesa, zaproklija
Niko ne zna, niko ne zna
Niko ne zna, niko ne zna
Niko ne zna sta to sija"
"1918" "A howling wind is whistling in the night
My dog is growling in the dark
Something's pulling me outside
To ride around in circles
I know that you have got the time
'Cause anything I want, you do
You'll take a ride through the strangers
Who don't understand how to feel
In the deathcar, we're alive
In the deathcar, we're alive
I'll let some air come in the window
Kind of wakes me up a little
I don't turn on the radio
'Cause they play shit, like
You know
When your hand was down on my dick
It felt quite amazing
And now that, that is all over
All we've got is the silence
In the deathcar, we're alive
In the deathcar, we're alive
So come on mandolins, play
When I touched you
I felt that you still had your baby fat
And a little taste of baby's breath
Makes me forget about death
At your age you're still joking
It ain't time yet for the choking
So now we can see the movie and see each other truly
In the deathcar, we're alive
In the deathcar, we're alive
I want to hear some mandolins"
"1919" "Artist: Goran Bregovic
Album: Ederlezi
Year: 1998
Title: Ederlezi
Same amala oro kelena
Oro kelena dive kerena
Sa o Roma
(Amaro dive
Amaro dive, Ederlezi
Ej... ah... )
Sa o Roma, babo, babo
Sa o Roma, o daje
Sa o Roma, babo, babo
Ej, Ederlezi
Sa o Roma, daje
Sa o Roma babo, E bakren cinen.
A me coro, dural besava.
A a daje, amaro dive.
Amaro dive erdelezi.
Ediwado babo, amenge bakro.
Sa o Roma, babo. E bakren cinen.
Eeee...j, Sa o Roma, babo babo, Sa o Roma daje.
Sa o Roma, babo babo, Erdelezi. Erdelezi, Sa o Roma Daje.
Eeee... Sa o Roma, babo babo, Sa o Roma daje. Sa o Roma, babo babo, Eeee...
Erdelezi, Erdelezi.
Sa o Roma Daje"
"1920" "I'm not sayin' that I love you
I'm not sayin' that I'll care if you love me
I'm not sayin' that I'll care
I'm not sayin' I'll be there when you NEED me
I can't give my heart to you
Or tell you that I'll sing your name up to the sky
I can't lay the promise down
That I'll always be around when you need me
Now I may not be alone each time you see me
Along the street or in a small cafe
But still I won't deny you or mistreat you
Baby if you let me have my way
I'm not sayin' I'll be sorry
For all the things that I might say that make you cry
I can't say I'll always do
The things you want me to
I'm not sayin' I'll be true but I'll try
Ribbon of darkness over me
Since my true love walked out the door
Tears I never had before
Ribbon of darkness over me
Clouds are gatherin' o'er my head
That chill the day and hide the sun
That shroud the night when day is done
Ribbon of darkness over me
Rain is falling on the meadow
Where once my love and I did lie
Now she is gone from the meadow
My love goodbye
Oh how I wish your heart could see
How mine just aches and breaks all day
Come on home and take away
This ribbon of darkness over me
Yes come on home and take away
Ribbon of darkness over me"
"1921" "It's alright for some but not alright for me
When the one that I'm lovin' slips around
You think it's fine to do things I cannot see
And you're doin' it to me, baby, can't you see
That I know how it is?
I can see it in your eyes
And feel it in the way you kiss my lips
I can hear it in your voice
Whenever we are talking like this
I can see what you believe in
When his name is mentioned and I die
I can watch the way you walk, the way you talk
The way you close your eyes
It's alright for some, but not alright to be
Where the one that I'm lovin' can't be found
The city where we live, might be quite large
But the circle is small, why not tell us all
And then all of us will know?
I can see it in your eyes
And feel it in the way you kiss my lips
I can hear it in your voice
Whenever we are talking like this
I can see what you believe in
When his name is mentioned and I die
I can watch the way you walk, the way you talk
The way you close your eyes
It's alright to leave, but not alright to lie
When you come home and you can't say where you've been
You think it's fine to do, things I cannot see
And you're doin' it to me, baby, can't you see
That I know how it is?
I can see it in your eyes
And feel it in the way you kiss my lips
I can hear it in your voice
Whenever we are talking like this
I can see what you believe in
When his name is mentioned and I die
I can watch the way you walk, the way you talk
The way you close your eyes
I can see it in your eyes
And feel it in the way you kiss my lips
I can hear it in your voice
Whenever we are talking like this
I can see what you believe in
When his name is mentioned and I die"
"1922" "In the early mornin' rain
With a dollar in my hand
With an aching in my heart
And my pockets full of sand
I'm a long ways from home
And I missed my loved one so
In the early mornin' rain
With no place to go
Out on runway number nine
Big seven o seven set to go
Well I'm stuck here on the grass
Where the pavement never grows
Where the liquor tasted good
And all the women all were fast
There, there she goes my friend
She's rolling down at last
Hear the mighty engines roar
See the silver wing on high
She's away and westward bound
For above the clouds she'll fly
Where the mornin' rain don't fall
And the sun always shines
She'll be flying over my home
In about three hours time
This ol' airport's got me down
It's no damn good to me
And I'm stuck here on the ground
As cold and drunk as I can be
Can't jump a jet plane
Like you can a freight train
So I best be on my way
In the early mornin' rain
Can't jump a jet plane
Like you can a freight train
So I best be on my way
In the early mornin' rain"
"1923" "All you need is time
All you need is time, time,
Time to make me bend
Give it a try, don't be rude
Put it to the test and
I'll give it right back to you
It's cold on the shoulder
And you know that we get
A little older every day
Kick it around, take it to town
Try to defy what you feel inside
You better be strong
Your love belongs to us
It's cold on the shoulder
And you know that we get
A little older every day
All I need is trust
All I need is trust, trust,
Trust to make it show
I don't want to know everything you done
If you get a tip then tell it to the eskimos
It's cold on the shoulder
And you know that we get
A little older every day
It's cold on the shoulder
And you know that we get
A little older every day
All we need is faith
All we need is faith, faith,
Faith to make it nice
Kick it around, don't be rude
If you're gonna make a mistake
Don't you make it twice
It's cold on the shoulder
And you know that we get
A little older every day
It's cold on the shoulder
And you know that we get
A little older every day
It's cold on the shoulder
And you know that we get
A little older every day
It's cold on the shoulder
And you know that we get
A little older every day"
"1924" "Upon the bitter green she walked the hills above the town
Echoed to her footsteps as soft as eiderdown
Waiting for her master to kiss away her tears
Waiting through the years
Bitter green they called her walking in the sun
Loving everyone that she met
Bitter green they called her waiting in the sun
Waiting for someone to take her home
Some say he was a sailor who died away at sea
Some say he was a prisoner who never was set free
Lost upon the ocean he died there in the mist
Dreaming of a kiss
Bitter green they called her walking in the sun
Loving everyone that she met
Bitter green they called her waiting in the sun
Waiting for someone to take her home
But now the bitter green is gone the hills have turned to rust
There comes a weary stranger whose tears fall in the dust
Kneeling by the churchyard in the autumn mist
Dreaming of a kiss
Bitter green they called her walking in the sun
Loving everyone that she met
Bitter green they called her waiting in the sun
Waiting for someone to take her home
Bitter green they called her walking in the sun
Loving everyone that she met
Bitter green they called her waiting in the sun
Waiting for someone
To take her home"
"1925" "Pickin' up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream
I wonder how the old folks are tonight
Her name was Ann and I'll be damned if I recall her face
She left me not knowin' what to do
Carefree highway, let me slip away on you
Carefree highway, you seen better days
The mornin' after blues from my head down to my shoes
Carefree highway, let me slip away
Slip away on you
Turnin' back the pages to the times I love best
I wonder if she'll ever do the same
Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied
With knowin' I got no one left to blame
Carefree highway, got ta see you my old flame
Carefree highway, you seen better days
The mornin' after blues from my head down to my shoes
Carefree highway, let me slip away
Slip away on you
Searchin' through the fragments of my dream-shattered sleep
I wonder if the years have closed her mind
I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free
From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew
Carefree highway, let me slip away on you
Carefree highway, you seen better days
The mornin' after blues from my head down to my shoes
Carefree highway, let me slip away
Slip away on you
Let me slip away on you
Carefree highway, got ta see you my old flame
Carefree highway, you seen better days
The mornin' after blues from my head down to my shoes
Carefree highway, let me slip away
Slip away on you"
"1926" "Through the woodland, through the valley
Comes a horseman wild and free
Tilting at the windmills passing
Who can the brave young horseman be
He is wild but he is mellow
He is strong but he is weak
He is cruel but he is gentle
He is wise but he is meek
Reaching for his saddlebag
He takes a battered book into his hand
Standing like a prophet bold
He shouts across the ocean to the shore
Till he can shout no more
I have come o'er moor and mountain
Like the hawk upon the wing
I was once a shining knight
Who was the guardian of a king
I have searched the whole world over
Looking for a place to sleep
I have seen the strong survive
And I have seen the lean grown weak
See the children of the earth
Who wake to find the table bare
See the gentry in the country
Riding off to take the air
Reaching for his saddlebag
He takes a rusty sword into his hand
Then striking up a knightly pose
He shouts across the ocean to the shore
Till he can shout no more
See the jailor with his key
Who locks away all trace of sin
See the judge upon the bench
Who tries the case as best he can
See the wise and wicked ones
Who feed upon life's sacred fire
See the soldier with his gun
Who must be dead to be admired
See the man who tips the needle
See the man who buys and sells
See the man who puts the collar
On the ones who dare not tell
See the drunkard in the tavern
Stemming gold to make ends meet
See the youth in ghetto black
Condemned to life upon the street
Reaching for his saddlebag
He takes a tarnished cross into his hand
Then standing like a preacher now
He shouts across the ocean to the shore
Then in a blaze of tangled hooves
He gallops off across the dusty plain
In vain to search again
Where no one will hear
Through the woodland, through the valley
Comes a horseman wild and free
Tilting at the windmills passing
Who can the brave young horseman be
He is wild but he is mellow
He is strong but he is weak
He is cruel but he is gentle
He is wise but he is meek"
"1927" "At times I just don't know
How you could be anything but beautiful
I think that I was made for you
And you were made for me
And I know that I won't ever change
We've been friends through rain or shine
For such a long, long time
Laughing eyes and smiling face
It seems so lucky just to have the right
Of telling you with all my might
You're beautiful tonight
And I know that you won't ever stray
'Cause you've been that way from day to day
For such a long, long time
And when you hold me tight
How could life be anything but beautiful
I think that I was made for you
And you were made for me
And I know that I won't ever change
We've been friends through rain or shine
For such a long, long time
Well, I must say it means so much to me
To be the one who's telling you
I'm telling you, that you're beautiful"
"1928" "There's a house on a hill
By a worn down weathered old mill
In the valley below where the river winds
There's no such thing as bad times
And a soft southern flame
Oh Cotton Jenny's her name
She wakes me up when the sun goes down
And the wheels of love go 'round
Wheels of love go 'round
Love go 'round, love go 'round
A joyful sound
I ain't got a penny for Cotton Jenny to spend
But then the wheels go 'round
When the new day begins
I go down to the cotton gin
And I make my time worth while to them
Then I climb back up again
And she waits by the door
Oh Cotton Jenny I'm sore
And she rubs my feet while the sun goes down
And the wheels of love go 'round
Wheels of love go 'round
Love go 'round, love go 'round
A joyful sound
I ain't got a penny for Cotton Jenny to spend
But then the wheels go 'round
In the hot, sickly south
When they say we'll shut my mouth
I can never be free from the cotton grind
But I know I got what's mine
With a soft southern flame
Oh Cotton Jenny's her name
She wakes me up when the sun goes down
And the wheels of love go 'round"
"1929" "That's what you get for lovin' me
That's what you get for lovin' me
Every thing you had is gone as you can see
That's what you get for lovin' me
I ain't the kind to hang around
With any new love that I found
Since movin' is my stock in trade, I'm movin' on
I won't think of you when I'm gone
So don't you shed a tear for me
Because I ain't the love you thought I'd be
I got a hundred more like you, so don't be blue
I'll have a thousand 'fore I'm through
That's what you get for lovin' me
That's what you get for lovin' me
Every thing you had is gone as you can see
That's what you get for lovin' me
It's so nice to meet an old friend and pass the time of day
And talk about the home town a million miles away
Is the ice still on the river, are the old folks still the same
And by the way, did she mention my name?
Did she mention my name just in passing
And when the morning came
Do you remember if she dropped a name or two?
Is the home team still on fire, do they still win all the games
And by the way, did she mention my name?
Did she mention my name just in passing
And when the talk ran high
Did the look in her eye seem far away?
Won't you say hello from someone, they'll be no need to explain
And by the way, did she mention my name?"
"1930" "There was a time in this fair land when the railroad did not run
When the wild majestic mountains stood alone against the sun
Long before the white man and long before the wheel
When the green dark forest was too silent to be real
But time has no beginnings and hist'ry has no bounds
As to this verdant country they came from all around
They sailed upon her waterways and they walked the forests tall
Built the mines the mills and the factories for the good of us all
And when the young man's fancy was turnin' to the spring
The railroad men grew restless for to hear the hammers ring
Their minds were overflowing with the visions of their day
And many a fortune lost and won and many a debt to pay
For they looked in the future and what did they see
They saw an iron road runnin' from sea to the sea
Bringin' the goods to a young growin' land
All up through the seaports and into their hands
Look away said they across this mighty land
From the eastern shore to the western strand
Bring in the workers and bring up the rails
We gotta lay down the tracks and tear up the trails
Open 'er heart let the life blood flow
Gotta get on our way 'cause we're movin' too slow
Bring in the workers and bring up the rails
We're gonna lay down the tracks and tear up the trails
Open 'er heart let the life blood flow
Gotta get on our way 'cause we're movin' too slow
Get on our way 'cause we're movin' too slow
Behind the blue Rockies the sun is declinin'
The stars, they come stealin' at the close of the day
Across the wide prairie our loved ones lie sleeping
Beyond the dark oceans in a place far away
We are the navvies who work upon the railway
Swingin' our hammers in the bright blazin' sun
Livin' on stew and drinkin' bad whiskey
Bendin' our old backs 'til the long days are done
We are the navvies who work upon the railway
Swingin' our hammers in the bright blazin' sun
Layin' down track and buildin' the bridges
Bendin' our old backs 'til the railroad is done
So over the mountains and over the plains
Into the muskeg and into the rain
Up the St. Lawrence all the way to Gaspe
Swingin' our hammers and drawin' our pay
Drivin' 'em in and tyin' 'em down
Away to the bunkhouse and into the town
A dollar a day and a place for my head
A drink to the livin' and a toast to the dead
Oh the song of the future has been sung
All the battles have been won
O'er the mountain tops we stand
All the world at our command
We have opened up the soil
With our teardrops and our toil
For there was a time in this fair land when the railroad did not run
When the wild majestic mountains stood alone against the sun
Long before the white man and long before the wheel
When the green dark forest was too silent to be real
When the green dark forest was too silent to be real
And many are the dead men too silent to be real"
"1931" "Rows of lights in a circle of steel
Where you place your bets on a great big wheel
High windows flickerin' down through the snow
A time you know
Sights and sounds of the people goin' 'round
Everybody's in step with the season
A child is born to a welfare case
Where the rats run around like they own the place
The room is chilly, the building is old
That's how it goes
The doctor's found on his welfare round
And he comes and he leaves on the double
Deck The Halls was the song they played
In the flat next door where they shout all day
She tips her gin bottle back till it's gone
The child is strong
A week, a day, they will take it away
For they know about all her bad habits
Christmas dawns and the snow lets up
And the sun hits the handle of her heirloom cup
She hides her face in her hands for a while
Says look here child
Your father's pride was his means to provide
And he's servin' three years for that reason"
"1932" "Dee dee dee, dee dee dee, dee dee dee dee
I would rather be at the boathouse, out of the daily grind
I'd sooner be down at the boathouse, what a way to unwind
Now I don't wanna know how it feels to be set back
So I'm leavin' here on a one-way track
I'd rather be in mosquito alley, out of my right hand lane
You'd rather see my mosquiot tally, all that moves is fair game
Now I don't wanna know how it feels not to be loose
So I'm leavin' here on the first caboose
I'm leavin' here on the first caboose
I can't sleep by a gentle ocean and I can't sleep my a water fall
I can't sleep by a lovely river, I can't sleep and I can't sleep
Dee dee dee, dee dee dee, dee dee dee dee
I would rather sleep at the boathouse, what more can I say
I'd soon eat down at the boathouse, let it carry me away
Now I don't wanna know how it feels to step aside
So I'm leavin' here on a wicked ride
Or I could be back at the alehouse, with a flagon or two
A few blocks south of the jail house, with a hole in my shoe
Now, I don't wanna know how it feels to stop a truck
So I'm leavin' here and wishin' you good luck
I'm leavin' here and wishin' you good luck
I can't sleep by a deep ocean, I can't sleep by a water fall
I can't sleep by a lovely river, I can't sleep and I can't sleep
Dee dee dee, dee dee dee, dee dee dee dee
I'd rather be in mosquito alley, keepin' spiders in line
I'd sooner be down at the boathouse, what a way to unwind
Now I don't wanna know how it feels not to be loose
So I'm leavin' here on the first caboose
I'm leavin' here on the first caboose
Dee dee dee, dee dee dee, dee dee dee dee
Dee dee dee, dee dee dee, dee dee dee dee
Dee dee dee, dee dee dee, dee dee dee dee"
"1933" "I don't believe in miracles if it's all the same by you
Your wishes would come true if I had my say
Whether it's right or wrong, the words of every song
Remind us of a love we knew
Where love should not go wrong, in yesterdays
Hang on ye drifters now
You got so much to go and gamble on
Watch out for the shifting sand
Where ever you may ramble
Even now, as I look back and see all that's come to pass
I can't remember how it was I got here
Look around this place, there's a smile on every face
We're somewhere in the afterglow, out there among the stars
Out there among the bars
Hang on ye drifters now
You got places to go and people to meet
Watch out for the shifting tide
Where ever you may travel
I know I should not complain because life's been good to me
It feels real good to be stranded on my own
Be that as it may be, we are what we are
I'll find you in the afterglow out there among the stars
Of yesteryear
Hang on ye drifters now
You got so much to go and gamble on
Watch out for the shifting sand
Where ever you may ramble
All you drifters now
You got places to go and people to meet
Watch out for the shifting tide
Where ever you may travel"
"1934" "I was sittin' in my hotel room, strummin' my old guitar
Not much to do when you're far away, playin' some smokey bar
I was feelin' a little empty and feelin' a little blue
When the maid came in and asked me if she could do my room
I put down my old guitar and she gave me a smile
She had a crusty voice and a drinker's look, but she had a friendly style
She dusted my room and made my bed and she talked of days gone by
She spoke of when she wooed the men; a tear came to her eye
And she said
I used to be a country singer
I could sing a mean patsy cline
My husband he could yodel like wilf carter
Kitty wells was a real good friend of mine
She told me that her husband died and her son was overseas
I could tell by her eyes and her broken smile she was lonely just like me
She asked me if I'd listen to a tape of when she was young
She said I can't sing now I forgot the words and my voice is almost gone
And she said
I used to be a country singer
I could sing a mean patsy cline
My husband he could yodel like wilf carter
Kitty wells was a real good friend of mine
Oh I cried inside but I couldn't tell if it was for her or for me
So I grabbed my axe and we sang a song in two part harmony
Ever since that day when I'm feelin' down and I can't find a happy tune
I just think if that maid and the feeling she gave, when she came to clean my room
And she said
I used to be a country singer
I could sing a mean patsy cline
My husband he could yodel like wilf carter
Kitty wells was a real good friend of mine
And she said
I used to be a country singer
I could sing a mean patsy cline
My husband he could yodel like wilf carter
Kitty wells was a real good friend of mine
Kitty wells was a real good friend of mine"
"1935" "Once upon a time I was on my own
Once upon a time like you've never known
Once upon a time I would be impressed
Once upon a time my life would be obsessed
Once upon a time, once upon a day
When I was in my prime, once along the way
If you want to know my secret don't come runnin' after me
For I am just a painter passing through in history
Yesterday is gone, yesterday's alright
Yesterday belongs in my dreams at night
Yesterday is swell, yesterday is great
Yesterday is strong, remembering can wait
Once upon a time, once upon a day
When I was in my prime, once along the way
If you want to know an answer I can't turn your life around
For I am just a painter passing through the underground
I was in my stride, always at my game
Here comes mister cool along the walk of fame
I was in demand, always in control
The world was in my hands, my touch had turn to gold
Once upon a time, I was in a daze
When I was in my prime, once along the way
If you want to know my secret don't come runnin after me
For I am just a painter passing through in history
Now that I am old, let me rest a spell
All that I am told, I can never tell
Never in my life, never will it pass
I am still alone, remembering at last
Once upon a time, once upon a day
When I was in my prime, once along the way
If you want to know an answer I can't turn your life around
For I am just a painter passing through the underground
If you want to know my secret don't come runnin after me
For I am just a painter passing through in history"
"1936" "You're as soft as the rose
You're as sweet as the honey
You're as warm as the bright morning sun
You're as cool as the breeze on the last days of April
You're as fine as fine can be
You're like time is to space
You're like faith is to trustin'
You're like blue is to feelin' unkind
You're like joy is for love,
You're like dreams are for chasin'
You're as fine as fine can be
And when I am gone my thoughts are all with you
You're my little angel you see
You're as bright as the moon
You're as light as a feather
You're as fine as fine can be
Like the rain is for the crops
You're like food for my thoughts
You're like true is for knowin' what's not
You're like leaves are for trees
You're like bees are for buzzin'
You're as fine as fine can be"
"1937" "There's a south wind risin' and
The moon shines on my window sill
I've got a feeling I might walk on over the hill
I'm bent but not broken, all I need is some rest
And a bottle of your very best
Blackberry wine
There's a new moon risin' and
The wind sings its old song
Pass it on over it's a sin to be sober too long
I'm bent but not broken, all I need is my share
Of a bottle of that very rare
Blackberry wine
My old gal's got a new dress on five and dime
Try as she will she can't get me
To come home on time
But I'd never cheat her
Or mistreat her you know
As over the mountain I go
Blackberry wine
I'll be soft spoken
All I need is my rest
And a bottle of your very best
Blackberry wine
Now my days are numbered
And one more heel's been killed
Blackberry John left me
His old recipe in his will
I'm bent but not broken,
All I need is some time
And a bottle of your very fine
Blackberry wine
Blackberry wine,
You know that I'm quite dry without you
Blackberry wine"
"1938" "If you see me smile don't think I'm acting strange
I got my just reward for all my pains
I you see me on the TV talking proud
Please understand if I don't talk too loud
Step around and dance a bit
Polish up the dice
Set 'em loose and let 'em roll
This is my advice
Keep your mind a mystery
Runnin' hot 'n' cold
She's more than money
She's 14 Karat Gold
If you wonder why I'm acting up this way
Gonna cash my chips I'm leavin' town today
I got more love than I could ever spend
So long, farewell, good-bye, this is the end
Step around and dance a bit
Polish up the dice
Set 'em loose and let 'em roll
Be as cool as ice
Keep your mind a mystery
Runnin' hot 'n' cold
She's more than money
She's 14 Karat Gold
If you get hit by the bug that bit on me
If you get caught with something soft and sweet
If you get found with something you can't waste
Then listen bud, let me give you a taste
Step around and dance a bit
Polish up the dice
Set 'em loose and let 'em roll
This is my advice
Keep your mind a mystery
Runnin' hot 'n' cold
She's more than money
She's 14 Karat Gold
Step around and dance a bit
Polish up the dice
Set 'em loose and let 'em roll
Be as cool as ice
Keep your mind a mystery
Runnin' hot 'n' cold
She's more than money
She's 14 Karat Gold"
"1939" "I'm sailing down the summer wind
I got whiskers on my chin
And I like the mood I'm in
As I while away the time of day
In the lee of Christian Island
Tall and strong she dips and reels
I call her Silver Heels
And she tells me how she feels
She's a good old boat and she'll stay afloat
Through the toughest gales and keep smiling
But for one more day she would like to stay
In the lee of Christian Island
I'm sailing down the summer day
Where fish and seagulls play
I put my troubles all away
And when the gale comes up I'll fill my cup
With the whiskey of the highlands
She's a good old ship and she'll make the trip
From the lee of Christian Island
Tall and strong she slips along
I sing for her a song
And she leans into the wind
She's a good old boat and she'll stay afloat
Through the toughest gales and keep smilin'
When the summer ends we will rest again
In the lee of Christian Island"
"1940" "Now it looks to me like the same old place
In the sky it looks like rain
The same old town with the same old streets
The address has not change
You can find me there
With the door shut tight
And the one wish that remains
Baby step back baby step back
Either step up or step back
No you know I don't write no bad checks
I have no wish to repent
I've seen a few
But whatever I do
I don't cause no accidents
Whiskey and wine help me pass the time
I don't leave no evidence
Baby step back baby step back
Either step up or step back
Baby step back baby step back
Either step up or step back
Still I don't kneel down
I was born to fight
So you'd best leave me alone
Maybe I'll get much more than I need
Or much less than I should own
Last of all let me say it again
Either step up or step on
Baby step back baby step back
Either step up or step back
Baby step back baby step back
Either step up or step back
Baby walk back baby walk back
Either step up or step back
Baby walk back
Baby walk back
Either walk on or walk back
Baby step back baby step back
Either step up or step back
Baby step back baby step back
Either step up or step back"
"1941" "Oh the neon lights were flashin'
And the icy wind did blow
The water seeped into his shoes
And the drizzle turned to snow
His eyes were red, his hopes were dead
And the wine was runnin' low
And the old man came home
From the forest
His tears fell on the sidewalk
As he stumbled in the street
A dozen faces stopped to stare
But no one stopped to speak
For his castle was a hallway
And the bottle was his friend
And the old man stumbled in
From the forest
Up a dark and dingy staircase
The old man made his way
His ragged coat around him
As upon his cot he lay
And he wondered how it happened
That he ended up this way
Getting lost like a fool
In the forest
And as he lay there sleeping
A vision did appear
Upon his mantle shining
A face of one so dear
Who had loved him in the springtime
Of a long-forgotten year
When the wildflowers did bloom
In the forest
She touched his grizzled fingers
And she called him by his name
And then he heard the joyful sound
Of children at their games
In an old house on a hillside
In some forgotten town
Where the river runs down
From the forest
With a mighty roar the big jets soar
Above the canyon streets
And the con men con but life goes on
For the city never sleeps
And to an old forgotten soldier
The dawn will come no more
For the old man has come home
From the forest"
"1942" "Hey you upon this ship of fools
I have found you bending your own rules
Thank you I don't mind if I do
Dream a while of the lovin' that we knew
There was such a flaming time
I never will forget
It was all so easy then
This is my one regret
Hey you my angel in blue
Mother Nature saved her best for you
Green grow the lilacs on the wall
Heaven help them, catch them as they fall
Hey you angel in disguise
What is your angle what is your surprise
Hey you fever that is mine
What is your game plan what is your design
Reality brings mystery
And ne'er the twain shall meet
And all of my wild horses
Cannot pull you off your feet
Hey you angel on my mind
All around me til the end of time
Thank you I don't mind if I do
Dream a while of the lovin' that we knew
There was such a flaming time
I never will forget
It was all so easy then
This is my one regret
Hey you my angel in blue
I'm entangled tell me what to do
Green grow the lilacs on the wall
Heaven help them catch them as they fall"
"1943" "Boss Man, Boss Man what do ya say
I gotta get you alone in the mine some day
Boss Man, Boss Man turn it around
If you don't look away how can I sit down
Look at this load upon my back
Gotta get this wheel back on the track
I can't hold on but I can't let go
And I can't say yes I can't say 'no'
Holes in my pockets and holes in my shoes
If you're ready for me I'm ready for you
The company plan takes all my pay
Got a child in July and another last May
Boss Man, Boss Man what do ya say
Gonna get you alone in the mine some day
Push your face down in the coal
'Cause you got no heart you got no soul
Country life's the life for me
In ten more years I'll a pensioner be
The younger lad knows when the girls are out
But you might say he's a rural sprout
Boss Man, Boss Man what do ya say
Gonna get you alone in the mine some day
Boss Man, Boss Man clear the track
You're gonna tear the skin right offa my back
Boss Man, Boss Man what do ya say
If you can't lend a hand then get outta my way
It'll be murder in the first degree
If you ever lay your hands on me
Boss Man, Boss Man pay my rent
A dollar I've earned is a dollar I've spent
The company plan takes all my check
For breakin' my back and riskin' my neck
Boss Man, Boss Man what do ya say
I gotta get you alone in the mine some day
I can't hold on but I can't let go
And I can't say yes I can't say 'no"
"1944" "I'll be alright I'll be alright if I don't have to smile
If I don't to face the morning sunrise for a while
I'll get along you know I'll take tomorrow with a grin
If I never have to think about her love again
And I won't mind if words are spoken
In empty love songs as long as I don't have to hear
I'll be alright if I don't have to face the world again
And if I never love again I'll be alright
Last night she gave the final word, she said her last goodbye
And disappeared forever in the world outside
One kiss and then she took her leave to go I know not where
Into the misty shadows of the midnight air
But I won't mind if words are spoken
In empty love songs as long as I don't have to hear
I'll be alright if I don't have to face the world again
And if I never love again I'll be alright
And if I never love again I'll be alright"
"1945" "If I could sing like the poets and kings of this world
If I could rise like the wind or the tides of the sea
I would sing you to sleep my love with sweet melody
And let you dream away till the morning light returned again
To take you away from me
If I could speak with the tongues of the masters of old
If I could tame all the fleeting perceptions I hold
Would I stand in the marketplace before
To be shouted down without any warning at all, to be stood by the wall
And shot by the man in blue
If I could run with the grace of a sun-colored stallion
If I could fly like the great silver jets in the morning
If I caused the wind to change with one wave of my hand
And if I could play the final symphony and set it free
Would it mean anything to you
If I could stand like a rusty old man in his armor
If I could ride the steed that he rode in his time
I would turn his head away to the river
And let him wander through the meadow grass, wild and free
For everyone to see"
"1946" "A one man band on a one night stand
As a one man band should be
The cried for more, he replied why sure
And he played one just for free
The sounds he laid down. the songs he played
Made the ladies all come to call
He was born in the back of a Seminole bus
On the road to Niagara Falls
I'd do it again, I'd do it again
I'd do it again
The one man band philosophical man
Didn't lie when he said to us
I seen the high rollers come and go
It's the holy rollers I trust
The man said then he was sixteen when
He retired from the county school
A wee bit thin with a will to begin
He was known to be know man's fool
I'd do it again, I'd do it again
I'd do it again
The one man band was a mighty good man
Cause he played 'til the break of dawn
He ups and downs about four more rounds
And he stayed 'til the crowd went home
It seemed to me like he never could be
Like anything I'd ever seen before
When he stepped from the stage
With his ax in his hand
And he run through the backstage door
I'd do it again, I'd do it again
I'd do it again
A one man band on a one night stand
As a one man band should be
They cried for more, he replied why sure
And he played one just for free"
"1947" "You come to me in times of need
When you can't find anyone
You seem to be much better off now
There's a rainbow number one
We could see life through the gutter then
Till it caused my heart to break
There was too much toil in dreamland
And too much love to take
Sometimes I remember when
We were all dressed up in still
I don't recall the gist of it all
But you drove the young men wild
You could wrap me around your finger
Till it caused my heart to break
There was too much toil in dreamland
And too much love to take
So if you need me near you
You can do it if you choose
There was too much toil in dreamland
And too much love to lose
You make me do what you want me to do
Then you run the rules on me
You seem to be the wiser now
Could it be you'be been deceived
Anytime you felt like tryin'
You would cause my heart to break
There was too much toil in dreamland
And too much love to take"
"1948" "Black day in July
Motor city madness has touched the countryside
And through the smoke and cinders
You can hear it far and wide
The doors are quickly bolted
And the children locked inside
Black day in July
Black day in July
And the soul of Motor City is bared across the land
As the book of law and order is taken in the hands
Of the sons of the fathers who were carried to this land
Black day in July
Black day in July
In the streets of Motor City is a deadly silent sound
And the body of a dead youth lies stretched upon the ground
Upon the filthy pavement
No reason can be found
Black day in July
Black day in July
Motor City madness has touched the countryside
And the people rise in anger
And the streets begin to fill
And there's gunfire from the rooftops
And the blood begins to spill
Black day in July
In the mansion of the governor
There's nothing that is known for sure
The telephone is ringing
And the pendulum is swinging
And they wonder how it happened
And they really know the reason
And it wasn't just the temperature
And it wasn't just the season
Black day in July
Black day in July
Motor City's burning and the flames are running wild
They reflect upon the waters of the river and the lake
And everyone is listening
And everyone's awake
Black day in July
Black day in July
The printing press is turning
And the news is quickly flashed
And you read your morning paper
And you sip your cup of tea
And you wonder just in passing
Is it him or is it me
Black day in July
In the office of the President
The deed is done the troops are sent
There's really not much choice you see
It looks to us like anarchy
And then the tanks go rolling in
To patch things up as best they can
There is no time to hesitate
The speech is made the dues can wait
Black day in July
Black day in July
The streets of Motor City now are quiet and serene
But the shapes of gutted buildings
Strike terror to the heart
And you say how did it happen
And you say how did it start
Why can't we all be brothers
Why can't we live in peace
But the hands of the have-nots
Keep falling out of reach
Black day in July
Black day in July
Motor city madness has touched the countryside
And through the smoke and cinders
You can hear it far and wide
The doors are quickly bolted
And the children locked inside"
"1949" "I go in for singing,
I do it for my pay
But the kind of gig
I can really dig
Is swiggin' at the break of day
With a few good friends and neighbors
Into playin' the nighttime tunes
So pass the jar and that old guitar
In this hangdog hotel room
I believe in magic,
A little monkeyshines
But the kind of row I can really hoe
Is playin' in tune on time
With rhythms all around us
We're like weavers at the loom
So pass the jar and that old guitar
In this hangdog hotel room
Oh Lord it feels so good
To play a nighttime tune
So pass the jar and that old guitar
In this hangdog hotel room
When it comes to mornin'
And goin' out at night
Well the kind of test that I like the best
Is rubbin' the wrong girl right
And a few good friends and neighbors
In to playin' the nighttime tunes
So pass the jar and that old guitar
In this hangdog hotel room"
"1950" "All around old Cape Horn
Ships of the line, ships of the morn
Some who wish they'd never been born
They are the ghosts of Cape Horn
Fal deral da riddle de rum
With a rim dim diddy
And a rum dumb dumb
Sailing away at the break of dawn
They are the ghosts of Cape Horn
See them all in sad repair
Demons dance everywhere
Southern gales, tattered sails
And none to tell the tales
Come all of you rustic old sea dogs
Who follow the great Southern Cross
You we're rounding the Horn
In the eye of a storm
When ya lost 'er one day
And you read all yer letters
From oceans away
Then you took them to the bottom of the sea
All around old Cape Horn
Ships of the line, ships of the morn
Those who wish they'd never been born
They are the ghosts of Cape Horn
Fal deral da riddle de rum
With a rim dim diddy
And a rum dumb dumb
Sailing away at the break of dawn
They are the ghosts of Cape Horn
Come all you old sea dogs from Devon
Southampton, Penzance, and Kinsale
You were caught by the chance
Of a sailor's last dance
It was not meant to be
And ya read all yer letters
Cried anchor aweigh
Then ya took them to the bottom of the sea
All around old Cape Horn
Ships of the line, ships of the morn
Those who wish they'd never been born
They are the ghosts of Cape Horn
Fal deral da riddle de rum
With a rim dim diddy
And a rum dumb dumb
Sailing away at the break of dawn
They are the ghosts of Cape Horn"
"1951" "Well, it's four o'clock in the afternoon
And the anchors have been weighed
From Miami to Nassau
She's bound across the waves
She'll be headin' south through Biscayne Bay
Into the open sea
Yarmouth Castle, she's a-dyin' and don't know it
Now the many years she's been to sea
She's seen the better times
She gives a groan of protest
As they cast away her lines
And the grumble of her engines
And the rust along her spine
Tells the Castle she's too old to be sailin'
But the sands run out within her heart
A tiny spark glows red
It smolders through the evening
There's laughter overhead
Now the dinner's served and the cards are dealt
And the drinks are passed around
Deep within the fire starts a-burnin'
Now it's midnight on the open sea
And the moon is shinin' bright
Some people join the party
And others say goodnight
There's many who are sleepin' now
It's been a busy day
And a tiny wisp of smoke is a-risin'
\"Oh Lord,\" she groans, \"I'm burning
Let someone understand\"
But her silent plea is wasted
In the playin' of the band
Everybody's dancin' on her deck
And they're havin' such a time
And a voice says, \"Shut up and deal, I'm losin'\"
Deep within the Yarmouth Castle
The fire begins to glow
It leaps into the hallways
And climbs and twists and grows
And the paint she wore to keep her young
Oh Lord, how well it burns
And soon that old fire is a-ragin'
Up beneath the bridge it's climbin' fast
The captain stands aloft
He calls up to the boatswain, says
\"Boatswain, we are lost\"
For the ragged hoses in the racks
No pressure do they hold
And the people down below will soon be dyin'
All amidships, oh she's blazin' now
It's spreadin' fore and aft
The people are a-scramblin'
As the fire blocks their path
The evil smoke surrounds them
And they're fallin' in their tracks
And the captain in his lifeboat is a-leavin'
Oh then the ship, Bahama Star
Comes steamin' through the night
She sees the Castle blazin'
And 'tis a terrible sight
\"Jump down, jump down\", the captain cries
\"We'll save you if we can\"
Then the paint on his funnels is a-fryin'
\"God help the ones who sleep below
And cannot find the way
Thank God for those we rescue
Upon this awful day\"
Now the heroes, they are many
But the times are growin' slim
And now from stern to bow, she's a-blazin'
Oh the Yarmouth Castle's moanin'
She's cryin' like a child
You can hear her if you listen
Above the roar so wild
Is she cryin' for the ones who lie
Within her molten sides?
Or cryin' for herself, I'm a-wonderin'
But the livin' soon were rescued
The ones who lived to tell
From the Star they watched her
As she died there in the swells
Like a toy ship on a mill pond
She burned all through the night
Then slipped beneath the waves in the mornin'"
"1952" "In the early mornin' rain
With a dollar in my hand
With an aching in my heart
And my pockets full of sand
I'm a long ways from home
And I missed my loved one so
In the early mornin' rain
With no place to go
Out on runway number nine
Big seven o seven set to go
Well I'm stuck here on the grass
Where the pavement never grows
Where the liquor tasted good
And all the women all were fast
There, there she goes my friend
She's rolling down at last
Hear the mighty engines roar
See the silver wing on high
She's away and westward bound
For above the clouds she'll fly
Where the mornin' rain don't fall
And the sun always shines
She'll be flying over my home
In about three hours time
This ol' airport's got me down
It's no damn good to me
And I'm stuck here on the ground
As cold and drunk as I can be
Can't jump a jet plane
Like you can a freight train
So I best be on my way
In the early mornin' rain
Can't jump a jet plane
Like you can a freight train
So I best be on my way
In the early mornin' rain"
"1953" "In this land of chance do we know right from wrong
Even at a glance we know the road is long
We don't owe a single thing to anyone
Most of us do not believe in come what may
Everything we fought for was in vain they say
Even when called upon to throw our lives away
We have been captured by the thieves of the night
Held for ransom if you please
Heaven help the devil may he have a few unpleasnt memories
In these times of trial and uncertainty
I have thought what does this freedom mean to me
Is it just some long forgotten fantasy
Our love for each other may not be explained
We live in a world where tears must fall like rain
Most of us don't wish to cause each other pain
We have been captured by the thieves of the night
Held for ransom if you please
Heaven help the devil may he have a few unpleasnt memories
To every unsung hero in the universe
To those who roam the skies and those who roam the earth
To all good men of reason may they never thirst
We have wings to guide us through the timeless sea
And faith that will remain through all eternity
We try to be helpful to the ones in need
We have been captured by the thieves of the night
Held for ransom if you please
Heaven help the devil may he have a few unpleasant memories"
"1954" "All I can see is the sea and the sky
And the sky is blue and the sea is green
Yesterday's a cabaret
Gowns of satin on ladies gay
Yesterday's a cabaret
Sounds of laughter on faces gray
Yesterday's a carousel
Catch the ring and all will be well
From the coast of California
Up to the Oregon border
I've thumbed a thousand miles I guess
Sitting in a roadside diner
The big trucks rollin' by
I don't seem to know at times what's best
And still I'd like to tell her
That I miss her so, in north Ontario
If you're drivin' east to Reno
Or north to Mendocino
I hope you find your rainbow?s end
This highway is my rainbow
And though I might regret it
I'm so glad I said it way back when
And still I'd like to tell her
That I miss her so, in north Ontario"
"1955" "When I walk the hill so high
Around the town where I was born
New York seems so far away
Though I was there just yesterday
I have played on my guitar
In coffeehouses, hall and bars
Everyone that I call friend
Knows they will not be forgot
Trains and planes and rented cars
Singers, saints and other starts
I suspect them every one
They'll never change, it's too much fun
Just for now I'd like to rest
In the shade of a maple tree
To the blue Canadian sky
I'll say a prayer for the world out there
When I stand on my own sod
It feels so good to be home, by God
The winter wind has turned my head
But I always came up warm somehow
Bottles, beads and cigarettes
And lovers that I ain't found yet
Pickin' with a friend till dawn
And singing all of those hi'way songs
Just for now I'd like to rest
In the shade of a maple tree
To the blue Canadian sky
I'll say a prayer for the world out there
When I walk the hill so high
Around the town where I was born
New York seems so far away
Though I was there just yesterday
I would travel all my life
If loneliness was not the price
While headin' north across that line's
The only time I'm flyin'"
"1956" "Oh, when he was a man, my father would stand
I never saw him run
There wasn't anyone could make the man bend
The strength of his will was the tool of his trade
And he did his work well
Till the powers that be took a liking to him
And they traded his body for a cold empty shell
Don't beat me down
Don't beat me down
I've got something to say
Don't you stand in my way
And don't beat me down
Oh, when I was a youth, I found the truth
In the eyes of a friend
There wasn't anyone could make the light dim
And we talked and we rambled and we gambled to win
And the learning was good
Till the powers that be to a liking to him
They traded their fortunes for the sight of his blood
When I was a child and my mother smiled
At the cradle she bought
For the little tot she held to her breast
And the song that she sang was an anthem to love
It was all that I heard
Till the powers that be took a liking to me
And they told me that love was a four-letter word
Don't beat me down
Don't beat me down
I've got one life to live
And that's all I can give
So don't beat me down
And now I've got a place, I got a worried face
And a question in mind
Please let me find a reason somehow
Why some reap the harvest while other men die
And the joker runs wild
And if powers that be take a liking to us
Then we all must return to the ways of a child
We all must return to the ways of a child
So don't beat me down
Don't beat me down
I've got something to say
Don't you stand in my way
And don't beat me down
I've got one life to life
And that's all I can give
So don't beat me down
Don't beat me down
Don't beat me down"
"1957" "I see a place where candles burn and lovers rest tonight
The hollow sound inside me now keeps telling me to write
But songs of love will never leave love's feelings undefiled
The tide has turned, the waves roll in, the waters fill my eyes
The price of lust has risen till the ceiling will not stand
The tears I shed were not in shame, the world was in my hands
If trust was just a simple thing then trusting I would be
But deep within my soul I know it's better to be free
The days fly by, the waves roll in, but freedom has not come
I fear my faith will soon give out, my senses come undone
My role is played, the demon dogs come stealin' o'er land
And foolish I would climb once more a tree too weak to stand
I see a place where candles burn and lovers rest tonight
The hollow sound inside me now keeps telling me to write
But songs of love should not be sung where staying is not planned
And foolish I would climb once more a tree too weak to stand
And foolish I would climb once more a tree too weak to stand"
"1958" "Island goodbye, island goodbye
We been too long together, my island and I
'Cross the blue sea, cross the blue sea
We been too long together, my island and me
Cobwebs and dust, cobwebs and dust
I hate to leave you but leave you I must
Float through the sky, float through the sky
We been too long together, my cobwebs and I
Unlock the gate, unlock the gate
Lower the drawbridge the hour is late
Whom shall it be, whom shall it be
We been too long together, my drawbridge and me
Troubles goodbye, troubles goodbye
We been too long together, my troubles and I
'Cross the blue sea, cross the blue sea
We been too long together, my troubles and me
Cobwebs and dust, cobwebs and dust
I hate to leave you but leave you I must
Float through the sky, float through the sky
We been too long together, my cobwebs and I
Tear down the walls, tear down the walls
Gather my treasure and scatter it all
Whom shall it be, whom shall it be
We been too long together, my treasure and me
Kisses goodbye, Kisses goodbye
We been too long together, my kisses and I
'Cross the blue sea, cross the blue sea
We been too long together, her kisses and me
Cobwebs and dust, cobwebs and dust
I hate to leave you but leave you I must
Float through the sky, float through the sky
We been too long together, my cobwebs and I
Run to her side, run to her side
Run to my island and make her yer bride
Whom shall it be, whom shall it be
We been too long together, my island and me"
"1959" "Where did ya go when the snow lay on the ground
What did ya do when the rain began to fall
How did it feel when I looked through your soul
When was the last time you wanted my love
How many nights did you cry your dreams to sleep
Why did you hide what you knew would not stay hidden
How could you put yourself through like you did
I'm not the kind that would hold you that way
Drop me a line if ya wake up feelin' bad
I'm still a friend and I'd like to hear from you
Where does it say love should last forever
When was the last time I told that to you
Farewell to annabel, farewell
Farewell to annabel, farewell
Farewell to annabel, fare thee well
Farewell to annabel, farewell"
"1960" "I came down through Albany to New York
To find what I'd been missin'
I looked across the river to the city
Where the windows all stood glistenin'
I stood listenin'
Into a tunnel I did rise, like a grave inside
But I was young and able
When I came out the other end
Ah through the smoke, the winter light was feeble
Unreadable
I was optimistic though, a cabbie told me where to go
I thanked him
A face of white, a face of brown
Ah here a smile and there a look of danger
For a stranger
It was too unreal for me
I found no one who trusted me
There was no man could offer me
A cold hand from New York
Cold hands from New York
A voice within you cries, \"Won't someone please help me
I'll do the same for you one day
If you should ever pass my way and need me\"
I came down to live alone in New York
The city of the living
There were fortunes at my feet but most of men
Were taking, none we giving
Or forgiving
Children ran and children played and roses grew in alleyways
I saw them
There were men who lived in style and others who had died
Where no one knew them
Beause they couldn't win
There were parks where old men slept and dingy rooms
Where babies crept unwanted
Till I began to ask myself if there were hope
Or if it mattered what they did
Or if they lived
It was too unreal for me
I found no one who trusted me
There was no man could offer me
A cold hand from New York
Cold hands from New York
A voice within you cries, \"Won't someone please help me
I'll do the same for you one day
If you should ever pass my way and need me\"
I came down through Albany to New York
To find what I'd been missin'
I looked across the river to the city
Where the windows all stood glistenin'
I stood listenin'
And there were prophets in the squares
And people there who smiled and said, \"Forget it\"
There were lovers in the park
And there was danger in the dark, I felt it
So afraid of it
And there were preachers of the Word and poets
Who were never heard, I heard them
There were those who would not try to learn
The measure of the lie they're livin'
I heard a young musician play in a place
Where they paid you not to listen
I heard a woman scream for help while men stood by
And offered their best wishes
That's how it is
It was too unreal for me
I found no one who trusted me
There was no man could offer me
A cold hand from New York
Cold hands from New York
A voice within you cries, \"Won't someone please help me
I'll do the same for you one day
If you should ever pass my way and need me\"
Cold hands from New York
A voice within you cries, \"Won't someone please help me
I'll do the same for you one day
If you should ever pass my way and need me\"
Cold hands from New York
A voice within you cries, \"Won't someone please help me
I'll do the same for you one day
If you should ever pass my way and need me\""
"1961" "I ain't got nothin' to hide
My mind is an endless wire
I got both feet on the ground
I ain't got no one for hire
I ain't got a thing to show
My lines have all expired
So don't go foolin' around
And set my wheels afire
Down in the dark of a burnt out soul
There's a few good second hand dreams
Deep in the dark of a heavenly night with you
Down in the black of a bottomless hole
There's a few good second hand scenes
Deep in the dark of the heavenly blue
Where the sea runs green
I ain't got nothin' to give
My life is an endless climb
My love's a paperback dream
I don't have nothin' but time
I ain't got a thing to show
I don't know my own name
So don't go foolin' around
And set my wheels afire
Down in the dark of a burnt out soul
There's a few good second hand dreams
Deep in the dark of a heavenly night with you
Down in the black of a bottomless hole
There's a few good second hand scenes
Deep in the dark of the heavenly blue
Where the sea runs green
I ain't got nothin' to hide
My mind is an endless wire
I got both feet on the ground
I don't have no one for hire
I ain't got a thing to show
My life is an endless dream
My love's a paperback dream
I ain't got nothin' but time"
"1962" "That's what you get for lovin' me
That's what you get for lovin' me
Ev'ry thing you had is gone
As you can see
That's what you get for lovin' me
I ain't the kind to hang around
With any new love that I found
'Cause movin' is my stock in trade
I'm movin' on
I won't think of you when I'm gone
So don't you shed a tear for me
'Cause I ain't the love you thought I'd be
I got a hundred more like you
So don't be blue
I'll have a thousand 'fore I'm through
Now there you go you're cryin' again
Now there you go you're cryin' again
But then someday when your poor heart
Is on the mend
I just might pass this way again"
"1963" "The perfume that she wore was from some little store
On the down side of town
But it lingered on long after she'd gone
I remember it well
And our fingers entwined like ribbons of light
And we came through a doorway somewhere in the night
Her long flowing hair came softly undone
And it lay all around
And she brushed it down as I stood by her side
In the warmth of her love
And she showed me her treasures of paper and tin
And we played a game only she could win
And she told me a riddle I'll never forget
Then left with the answer I've never found yet
\"How long\", said she, \"Can a moment like this
Belong to someone?\"
\"What's wrong, what is right, when to live or to die
We must almost be born\"
So if you should ask me what secrets I hide
I'm only your lover, don't make me decide
The perfume that she wore was from some little store
On the down side of town
But it lingered on long after she'd gone
I remember it well
And she showed me her treasures of paper and tin
And we played a game only she could win
And our fingers entwined like ribbons of light
And we came through a doorway somewhere in the night"
"1964" "Any way the wind may blow
Any way the creek may flow
Any way the crow may fly
Within the confines of the sky
I will prove my love to you
In everything I say and in all I do
Anywhere the song is king
Anywhere the robin sings
Anywhere the lake is cold
Anywhere the bell is tolled
I will prove my love to you
In everything I say and in all I do
Anytime our paths don't cross
And the losin' dice are tossed
Anytime you know what's best
Anytime I can't care less
I'll make it up to you
In everything I say and in all I do
Any way the wind may blow
Any way I stub my toe
Any way the tree might bend
Any way the day might end
I will prove my love to you
In everything I say and in all I do
I will make it up to you
In everything I say and in all I do"
"1965" "I'm on my way, got no time to waste
Places to go, people to chase
Gonna grab my comb 'n' my toothpaste
Gotta get away from here
Twenty-one years from the day I was born
I was workin' on the night shift, tootin' my horn
Through sheets of rain, through sleet and storm
You come to me
You were the girls with the summer sunshine
In your eyes and in your smile
You were the one I thought, I thought loved me
It was somethin' I never could quite believe
Gotta get away from here
I'm a real bad loser, that's what I am
Gonna grab my hat and my hexagram
You can stick my money in an old tin can
I think I fell in love again
I was down by the bus stop, bidin' my time
I was hitchin' a ride with a friend of mine
I was almost gone, I was over the line
I said what's come over me
You were the girl with the sound of springtime
In your songs and in your voice
You were the one I thought, loved me
It was somethin' I never could quite believe
Gotta get away from here, gotta get back to you
I'm gonna make it today, I'm gonna get on my toes
Been awake so long, I'm getting ready to doze
Gonna grab my bag and a few old clothes
Gotta get away from here, gotta get back to you
Gotta get away, gotta get away, gotta get away
Gotta get away, gotta get away"
"1966" "Born in the country and I like that country smile
Of the little girls and boys, they remind me of a child
That I knew and a big harvest moon
That shone by supper time in the dusty afternoon
And I need to be there when the autumn wind goes
Singing through the trestle we would climb
Like brave mountaineers
We never were much bothered by time
Born in the country and I like that country song
We played for just a nickel every time we got to town
And I bought you a dime diamond ring
In the hayloft we would play, we were princesses and kings
And I need to be there when the world
Gets too heavy and the shadows cross my mind
Like brave mountaineers
We never were much bothered by time
Born in the country and I like that country way
Of the uncles aunts and cousins, and the card games they would play
While the young ones slept overhead
Beneath the quilts that mother made, when all the prayers were said
And I need to be there when the autumn wind
Goes singing through the trestle we would climb
Like brave mountaineers
We never were much bothered by time
And I need to be there when the world
Gets too heavy and the shadows cross my mind
Like brave mountaineers
We never were much bothered by time"
"1967" "Is it my imagination or is it my iron pride
I wonder if it matters much if time is on my side
I'd rather press on, I don't wanta rest easy
Anywhere I stray, I will make it a brand new day
Anyway, that is all I've gotta say
I'd rather be by the seaside
Than be playing a one night stand
I've been too wrapped up in my own dreams
I will change things if I can
I gotta press on, don't wanta rest easy
Wouldn't it feel fine to return to the women and the wine
And all of the sunshine that we knew
You will never know what blue is
Until you have played the game
Till you live life in solitaire where
No one knows your name
I'd rather press on, I don't want to rest easy
Have it anyway you will
I will be with you right up until
The spell is broken and all is well
If you'd rather be by the seashore
Well, I sure can understand
Are you too wrapped up in your own scene
I would change things if I can
I'd rather press on, don't want to rest easy
Wouldn't it feel fine
But remembering the rhythm and the rhymes
And all of the good times makes me blue
Wouldn't it feel fine to return to the women and the wine
And all of the sunshine that we knew"
"1968" "I'd like to be in biscuit city
With my banjo in my hand
I don't need no long vacation
In some foreign land
Cause the sound of my own breathing
Has been turning to a sigh
I wish that I could make the time
To be in biscuit city by and by
Oh the water is of emerald
And the beach is white as snow
And everyone's got money
And no place to go
In a land of milk and honey
It can really make you smile
And if I had a ticket
I would stay in biscuit city for a while
All the girls are in bikinis
All the boys are in the buff
With the baby in between and
That makes three of us
And the streets are all so quiet
And the walls are squeaky clean
I think you ain't been nowhere 'til
The town of biscuit city you have seen
I'd rather be in biscuit city
With my banjo in my hand
Than take a big vacation
In some foreign land
Cause the sound of my own breathing
Has been turning to a sigh
If it were not for misfortune
I would be in biscuit city by and by
If it were not for misfortune
I would stay in biscuit city 'til I die"
"1969" "Sit by my side come as close as the air
Sharin' a memory of grey
And wander in my words
And dream about the pictures that I play
Of changes
Green leaves of summer turn red in the fall
To brown and to yellow they fade
And then they have to die
Trapped within the circle time parade
Of changes
Moments of magic will glow in the night
All fears of the forest are gone
For when the morning breaks
They're swept away by golden drops of dawn
Of changes
Passions will part to a warm melody
As fires will sometimes turn cold
Like petals in the wind
We're puppets to the silver strings of souls
Of changes"
"1970" "Oh the prairie lights are burnin' bright
The Chinook wind is a-movin' in
Tomorrow night I'll be Alberta bound
Though I've done the best I could
My old luck ain't been so good and
Tomorrow night I'll be Alberta bound
No one-eyed man could e'er forget
The Rocky Mountain sunset
It's a pleasure just to be Alberta bound
I long to see my next of kin
To know what kind of shape they're in
Tomorrow night I'll be Alberta bound
Alberta bound, Alberta bound
It's good to be Alberta bound
Alberta bound, Alberta bound
It's good to be Alberta bound
Oh the skyline of Toronto
Is somethin' you'll get onto
But they say you've got to live there for a while
And if you got the money
You can get yourself a honey
A written guarantee ta make you smile
But it's snowin' in the city
And the streets and brown and gritty
And I know there's pretty girls all over town
But they never seem ta find me
And the one I left behind me
Is the reason that I'll be Alberta bound
Alberta bound, Alberta bound
It's good to be Alberta bound
Alberta bound, Alberta bound
It's good to be Alberta bound
It's good to be Alberta bound"
"1971" "I was at the break wall, I was lookin' at the sea
In back of the eight ball in some misery
There on the horizon stood a mighty ship of fools
They were headin' into the harbor with all their broken rules
Whenever I'm feelin' lonely I can just pick up the phone
Or I can go to the movies or just stay at home alone
They're better off to be someplace that's a good long way from home
Any way I can lose myself
Dawn is breakin', I'm hesitatin'
I'm fading away, fading away
They sailed right up to me, I said, \"What's it all about
Please try to excuse me, we can work things out
If you've ever wondered if that mighty ship is real
Let me tell ya 'bout it, brother, it was somethin' you could feel\"
Whenever I'm feelin' lonely, I let twilight set the tone
Or I can go to the movies or just stay at home alone
They're better off to be someplace, that's a good long way to roam
Ain't livin' high on the hog right now
Dawn is breakin', I'm hesitatin'
I'm fading away, fading away
One more day on the calendar in my mind
I am down at the break wall puttin' in some time
The whole ship of fools has gotten safely under way
And I was proud to be a part of what it was they had to say
Whenever I'm feelin' lonely I can just pick up the phone
Or I can go to the movies or just stay at home alone
They're better off to be someplace that's a good long piece from home
Any way I can lose myself
Dawn is breakin', I'm hesitatin'
I'm fading away, fading away
Fading away, fading away"
"1972" "I remember everything
I've learned about survival
I've walked with fools and kings
And I've even read the bible
There I came upon some lines
Givin' me direction
Gather not your gold on earth
Your kingdom is in heaven
But I chose to live instead
Inside the shell they gave me
'til in spite of everything
Good fortune came to find me
I tried my best to run away
But I could not avoid the feelin'
Soon I was reelin' on my feet
I made a grab at anything
The earth was gone and I was on
A vicious circle then
After I'd gone and let myself surrender
I didn't want to die at all
I thought I'd live forever
Then she gave me everything
A king could never borrow
But I twisted all her gifts
Her wisdom was my sorrow
So I left her cryin'
And roamed across the river
The angels offered me their hands
But I could not forget her
So I came to where she was
By river, road and reason
I slept beneath her window
In the moonlight summer season
But I could not go inside
I heard the sound of laughter
And the rustle of her hair upon his skin
I made a grab at anything
The earth was gone and I was on
A vicious circle then
After I'd gone to cry down my sorrow
I didn't want to live no more
Nor face the bright tomorrow
Then I remembered everything
I've learned about survival
Havin' walked with fools and kings
I've even read the bible
I remember all those lines
Givin' me direction
Gather not your gold on earth
It will not pass inspection
And still I think when I'm alone
Away from all night splendor
If gold could buy one night with her
I wish I had some to send her"
"1973" "I'm not afraid that when I'm dying
There'll be no one to hold my hand
If there's a God up there, he loves me
As much as my old woman can
I don't intend to be a martyr
I don't give a damn what people say
And if I never get to heaven
Heaven don't deserve me anyway
I've tasted life both good and evil
At times I was cruel and did not pay
And if I never get to heaven
Heaven don't deserve me anyway
I don't know what it was I came for
But I've enjoyed it up 'til now
If there's a friend who ever needs me
I'll do my best to help somehow
I don't intend to keep no secrets
I don't give a damn what people say
And if I never get to heaven
Heaven don't deserve me anyway
I know and I'll admit my failures
I don't give a damn what people say
And if I never get to heaven
Heaven don't deserve me anyway
And if I never get to heaven
Heaven don't deserve me anyway"
"1974" "Does your mother know
You had to go someday
Does your mother know
That you would go so fast
Anyway, that's all you think about
You'd call her if you could
But the letters that you write
In the faded winter light
Just tell her they tell her
That you've got ten dollars
And you'll be all right
And when you get straight
You're gonna come back east some day
Does your mother know
You have a man in the West
Does your mother know
You drove him from your door
Anyway that's all you think about
You'd call her if you could
Does your mother know
You walked all day in the rain
Does your mother know
How deep your love could be
Anyway that's all you think about
You'd call her if you could
But the letters that you write
In the faded winter light
Just tell her they tell her
That you've got ten dollars
And your rent costs eight
And when you get straight
You're gonna come back east some day
But the letters that you write
In the faded winter light
Just tell her they tell her"
"1975" "It's so nice to meet an old friend and pass the time of day
And talk about the home town a million miles away
Is the ice still on the river, are the old folks still the same
And by the way, did she mention my name
Did she mention my name just in passing
And when the morning came, do you remember if she dropped a name or two
Is the home team still on fire, do they still win all the games
And by the way, did she mention my name
Is the landlord still a loser, do his signs hang in the hall
Are the young girls still as pretty in the city in the fall
Does the laughter on their faces still put the sun to shame
And by the way, did she mention my name
Did she mention my name just in passing
And when the talk ran high, did the look in her eye seem far away
Is the old roof still leaking when the late snow turns to rain
And by the way, did she mention my name"
"1976" "I saw a moonlit scene, I never will forget
I stole a kiss at daybreak, I never did regret it
Sometimes I wonder why I even try
So why should I feel blue?
I heard the sound of footsteps swaying in the dark
I poked my head out silent, that's how it started
What to my eyes appeared as dust
Became a vision I don't know
What had finally found me with my back against the wall
Was destiny intruding all around me
And as the day wore on I knew
Another lonely night could never be
If there's is a reason you might try and forget
I'd like to find it 'cause I like to relive it
Sometimes I wonder why I ever cry
So why should I feel blue?
I was caught drifting disappearing from the land
Whitecaps in profusion all around me
But somehow in our eyes I found the strength
To sail upon the raging sea
If theres a reason for the way that life is
I'd like to find it after all who's life is it
Sometimes I wonder why I even try
So why should I feel blue?
What had finally found me with my back against the wall
Was destiny intruding all around me
And as the days wore on I knew
Another lonely night with you could never be
I saw a moonlit scene I know it was real
All that you can ever do when love is reveal
Sometimes I every try why I even try
So why should I feel blue?
Sometimes I wonder why I ever cry
So why should I feel blue?"
"1977" "I think you have somebody waiting
Outside in the rain to take you away
You got places to go, you got people to see
Still I'm gonna miss you
But anyway
I wish you good spaces in
The far away places you go
If it rains or it snows may
You be safe and warm and never grow old
And if you need someone who loves you, why
You know I will always be there
I'll do it although I'm not supposed to care
I'll give you the keys to
My flying machine if you'd like
I will show you the light and when you call
I'm gonna come to you
And when you find someone who loves you,
I'll know you would treat me the same
Just lie there, you're not supposed to care
I think you have somebody waiting
Outside in the rain to take you away.
That's some kind of a game
Still I'm glad it came down
To the final round
But anyway"
"1978" "Make my world a better place to be
Remove these chains and set me free
Give my life one reason to begin
Forgive me lord for I have sinned
Take my hand and lead me as you choose
It seems we ain't got much to lose
Give this place one season without shame
Forgive me lord I've sinned again
I been down on my luck, as a matter of fact
I've even been chaste
Drifting along, singing a song
For the whole human race
I been caught in the act, as a matter of fact
I'm even well known
Floating on by with a laugh and a sigh
On the road that leads home
I got no more time left to roam, if you love me
Take this world and build it as you please
With a little help from the likes of me
Keep it safe from harm and make it pure
Forgive the rich and save the poor
Like the dust on the wind I've been taken again by my foolish pride
Drifting along, singing a song, that's how I get by
I been caught in the act, as a matter of fact I've even been chased
Floating on by with a laugh and a sigh for the whole human race
I got no more time left to waste, if you love me
Make my world a better place to be
Remove these chains and set me free
Give my face a different point of view
Forgive us lord if we run to you
If you love me
Make my world a better place to be
Remove these chains and set me free
Give my life one reason to begin
Forgive me lord for I have sinned
Give my life one reason to begin
Forgive me lord for I have sinned"
"1979" "Alone upon the sidewalks of despair, 'twas there she wandered
With her suitcase in her hand
Her fate she pondered
Only a go-go girl in love with someone who didn't care
She met him on a night so rare when her friends were there and the band was grooving
When he gave a glance that said how much he would like to meet her
How was she to know at the time he would mistreat her?
In her case she danced for him although a hundred eyes were turned her way
And before the set was through he knew she would be his loved one
Only a go-go girl in love with someone who didn't care
Only twenty-one, she was a young girl just in from somewhere
He's playing up in Michigan with a group they call The Intended
With a kiss, and a promise, he was gone, the song was ended
But as she walks, she waits for him, the pavement is a shoulder for her tears
But in her heart, she knows there is no way she can hope to change him
Only a go-go girl in love with someone who didn't care
Only twenty-one, she was a young girl just in from somewhere
Only a go-go girl in love with someone who didn't care, a go-go girl in love"
"1980" "I spent most of my life outside, in the driving rain
I was only trying to get by with some of life's amenities
Well, nothing's free, I got more than I bargained for
Now it's plain to see, I can't depend on love to defend me
It took most of my time to do what never was done
I was on the outside of an inside kind of love that now is gone
Come right or wrong, it was laid to rest that way
I hate to be unkind, pretending is for strangers who don't know you
I spent most of my life outside in the driving rain
I was in some one-horse town just waiting for a plane
To take me back now where's that at, I paid the price
Well, ain't that nice, knowing I'm so free?
I can't depend on love to defend me
I got more than I bargained for
Now it's plain to see, I can't depend on love to defend me"
"1981" "Go my way and I'll be good to you
Go my way and your dreams will all come true
In the sunset the wild waves are callin'
My shadow is followin' you
Go my way and I'll take you by the hand
Believe in me and I'll do the best I can
I can't be anything but just what I am
I can't help it if I'm in love with you
Why must I sail my ship alone without a friend
My thoughts are on you, I dare not ask again
Go my way it's the only way to go
If things aren't workin' out, you'll be the first to know
Come on along and together well go
Please love me and say that you'll be mine
Why must I sail my ship alone without a friend
My thoughts are on you, I dare not ask again
Go my way it's the only way to go
If things aren't workin' out, you'll be the first to know
Come on along and together well go
Please love me and say that you'll be mine"
"1982" "Born in the country and I like that country smile
Of the little girls and boys, they remind me of a child
That I knew and a big harvest moon
That shon' by suppertime in the dusty afternoon
And I need to be there
When the autumn wind goes whistlin' through the trestle we would climb
Like brave mountaineers
We never were much bothered by time
Born in the country and I like that country song
We played for just a nickel every time we got to town
And I bought you a dime diamond ring
In the hayloft we would play, we were princesses and kings
And I need to be there
When the world gets too heavy and the shadows cross my mind
Like brave mountaineers
We never were much bothered by time
Born in the country and I like that country way
Of the uncles and the cousins and the card games they would play
While the young ones slept overhead
Beneath the quilts that mother made, when all the prayers were said
And I need to be there
When the autumn wind goes whistlin' through the trestle we would climb
Like brave mountaineers
We never were much bothered by time
And I need to be there
When the world gets too heavy and the shadows cross my mind
Like brave mountaineers
We never were much bothered by time"
"1983" "Down in the warm dark part of my heart you stay
I've been on my own for so long as I stand here today
I'd never leave you, I'll do anything that you say
I've been around some walking on the down the street
Feeling as low as the shoes on the soles of my feet
Taking dead aim on fortune and fame you might say
Playing guitar doesn't make you a star anyway
Many's the time I've wished that I were free
But my love for you was too deep for my eyes to see
I'd never leave you, I'll do anything that you say
Whenever the thought seems better off left alone
I think of you then in a way that is ten times as strong
Taking dead aim on fortune and fame you might say
Playing guitar doesn't make you a star anyway"
"1984" "Betty Jo, you made it plain
When first you held me near
Even though you caused me pain
You were all the world to me
We made love, we had such fun
Many fine times went by us
Now it's all so hazy and a little bit crazy
Betty Jo my heart's on fire, I don't need this crying
The next time you see me
In the back seat of a taxi's where I'll be
Betty called me in to say goodnight
Much to my relief and pure delight
I think that was my big love scene
I do believe her engine run all right
Betty said, get ready, the time has come
I was young and my good life had begun
And with the dawn the child in me was gone
Betty made a man out of me that night
Betty made my clothes and sewed my jeans
Listening to my songs and foolish schemes
I think the way she got to me
It would seem like a laser beam right to the soul
Betty my true love do what you do tonight
Where she goes, I hope she knows she's right
The worst of times and the best of times
She was never the kind to kick and bitch and fight
Betty called me in to say goodnight
Much to my relief and pure delight
And with the dawn the child in me was gone
Betty made a man out of me that night
I think that was my big love scene
I do believe her engine run all right"
"1985" "A passing ship
I have found the open ocean
Give me no lip
The waves roll by as I pass on
A sunlit sea
On the first day of April
How fresh the wind
Will you miss me when I'm gone?
How many words
How many songs still unwritten?
How many ships
Of the line have come and gone?
In the good old days
May they never be forgotten
They had heavy wind
Or they had no wind at all
A passing ship
It is midnight on the ocean
Had a real long trip
I have been at sea all winter
When my ship came in
I was givin' up the ghost
I think I should be
Leavin' those passing ships alone
When the sea runs high
The sea runs wild and I'm unsteady
And I think of you
In the warmth of your home and family
When love is true
There is no truer occupation
And may this gale
Blow us to the ones we love
Another day, another ocean
Give me no lip
But stand aside as I pass on
A sunlit sea
On the last day in October
How fresh the wind
Will you miss me from now on?
I guess I should be
Leavin' passing ships alone"
"1986" "I want to hear it from you
I want to hear it from someone who knows how it is
All the second-hand words seem to get in my way
I want to hear it from you
I want to hear it again
I want to know if the soft scented touch of your lips
Must be taken away like a mother's first kiss to the life that she gives
I've got a right to get it straight from you
To give my life a different point of view
To find a way to keep from losing you
If you don't know what to say
To understand is my life and the question is why
You should cry in the night while your eyes look away
Every time that I speak and there's nothing to say
I want to hear it from you
I want to hear it from you
Let me know how you feel
You've got to make up your mind
Tell me where I can run
When my roof tumbles in
I want to hear it from you
I want to hear it from you"
"1987" "I'm not sayin' that I love you
I'm not sayin' that I'll care if you love me
I'm not sayin' that I'll care
I'm not sayin' I'll be there when you want me
I can't give my heart to you
Or tell you that I'll sing your name up to the sky
I can't lay the promise down
That I'll always be around when you need me
Now I may not be alone each time you see me
Along the street or in a small cafe
But still I won't deny or mistreat you
Baby if you let me have my way
I'm not sayin' I'll be sorry
For all the things that I might say that make you cry
I can't say I'll always do
The things you want me to
I'm not sayin' I'll be true but I'll try
Now I may not be alone each time you see me
Or show up when I promised that I would
But still I won't deny or mistreat you
Baby if you love me like you should
I'm not sayin' I'll be sorry
For all the things that I might say that make you cry
I can't say I'll always do
The things you want me to
I'm not sayin' I'll be true but I'll try
I can't say I'll always do
The things you want me to
I'm not sayin' I'll be true but I'll try"
"1988" "Come on Pearl, come on Kitty,
If you feel inclined
Down around the bend in the water,
Bring your fishin' line
Come on Pearl, I'm rough and ready,
Got my fishin' pole
Down around the bend in the water
To the fishin' hole
It's a fine July on a beautiful night
With a heavenly sky and moonlight on the bay
Down around the bend in the water,
If you feel inclined
Come on Pearl, come on Kitty,
I'm gonna make you mine
All around the world tonight
What a beautiful scene below
Too fine a time to stand in line
I'm gonna take my love to go
It's a fine July and a beautiful way
For a boy and a girl to pass the time of day
Come on Pearl, come on Kitty,
If you feel inclined
Down around the bend in the water,
Bring your fishin' line
All around the world tonight
What a beautiful sight below
Too fine a time to stand in line
I'm gonna take my love to go
It's a fine July on a beautiful light
With a heavenly sky and moonlight on the bay
Down around the bend in the water,
If you feel inclined
Come on Pearl, come on Kitty,
Bring your fishin' line
Come on Pearl, I'm rough and ready,
Got my fishin' pole
Down around the bend in the water
To the fishin' hole"
"1989" "I can always try to forget somehow
What's a part of the past
Have a little laughter if you please
I won't even mind if it takes awhile
I've got time on my hands
I feel another chapter in the breeze
And somebody touched my heart string
Somebody made my heart sing
And somebody stole my heart away
Nobody's sayin' their sorry
It's a mighty sweet music
You can dance all night
Put some wood on the fire right now
Ecstasy made easy
Ecstasy I ask you, are you a name
Or just another patron with a smile?
Let me analyze you, are you a flame
Or just the dying embers of a kiss run wild?
Somebody found my heart string
Somebody made my heart sing
And somebody touched my heart last night
Somebody set me in flight
It's a mighty sweet music
Take a chance they say
Put flame on the old iron stove
Ecstasy made easy
It's a mighty sweet music
Take a chance they say
Put some fire on the old iron stove
Ecstasy made easy, made easy
I hope I never lose what belongs to me
By the right of my birth
At midnight sailing out of Perth
Getting under way we turned westward bound
On that southern sea
To sea what ecstasy was worth"
"1990" "When first I did appear upon this native soil
All up and down this country at labor I did toil
I slumbered in the moonlight and I rose with the sun
I rambled through the canyons where the cold rivers run
When first I did come down where the land meets the sea
The people said Who are you and what would your name be
I said I have no home and I am no man's son
'Twas inland I was born and from inland that I come
In the good land I was young and I was strong
No one dared to call me son
Happy just to see my day's work done
See my day's work done
So I swung an axe as a timberjack
And I worked the Quebec mines
And on the golden prairie I rode the big combines
I sailed the maritime waters of many a seaport town
Built the highways and the byways to the western salmon grounds
I've gazed upon the good times I've seen the bad times too
Felt many a cold and bitter wind and many a mornin' dew
I've watched the country growin' like a fair and mighty thing
And on the still of a summer night I've heard the mountains ring
In the good land I was young and I was strong
No one dared to call me son
Happy just to see my day's work done
See my day's work done
But now the seeds are planted and the gates are open wide
The old ways are forgotten there's no place left to hide
And the legacy I'm leavin' you is not very hard to find
You'll see it all around you at this crossroads of time
In the sweet soil it's a-growin' At the crossroads of time"
"1991" "You've been in all my dreams since you've been gone
Each mornin' that I wake up with the dawn
Dream Street Rose I like the way you smile
Dream Street Rose stay with me a while
You gave more than anyone could ask
You washed away all shadows from my past
Dream Street Rose heaven only knows
Dream Street Rose that's the way she goes
Dream Street Rose let us not pretend
Heaven knows will you love me
Right 'til the end
Somewhere in between there stands a dream
The sweetest dream that we have ever seen
Dream Street Rose I like the way you smile
Dream Street Rose please stay with me a while
Dream Street Rose I miss you when you're gone
Heaven knows I'm gonna love ya
From now on
Dream Street Rose I like the way you smile
Dream Street Rose stay with me a while
Dream Street Rose heaven only knows
Dream Street Rose that's the way she goes"
"1992" "Put me somewhere east of midnight
West of the turnpike
Anywhere I wander
Is where I'll take my rest
As I lie down, toss some thoughts around
Dreams I'm told will come true if you
Believe in those who love you right now
Sea of dreams I long for you
Forget about the others
This is my hike, you can come if you like
To feel good, I would help you if I could
But I am out here searching
For the things that might have been
I need no more reminders
Not one love letter have I seen
And that's a pretty good start
The ocean is where lovers meet again
Sea of dreams by all means
Float me out of danger until then
Forever amen
It's a long, long hike
We'll be leavin' early travelin' light
That's alright heaven will be ours tonight
The road is paved with moonbeams
There are faces that I knew
They all came back to haunt me
But that ain't fair to the folks like me and you
It takes a bit of my heart
Tonight I shall be watching from the shore
Sea of dreams from now on
Forget about all the others
Back where the line forms
Destination sea of storms
By all means ever onward sea of dreams
Put me somewhere east of midnight
Along about daylight
Anywhere I wander
Is where I'll take my rest
If we could just lie down, love
Toss some thoughts around
It's a tough and a dirty long hike
You can come if you like
If we could just lie down
Toss some thoughts around"
"1993" "Listen up and I'll tell you what you'll do
Forget about music and alcohol too
Forget about your baby
We got other work for you
Better drink yer glasses empty now
It's time to rise and shine
There's one less cause in the world
To be leaving for
It was back in 39
When I was one year old
Sitting by the backyard fence
And the world had turned so cold
Drink yer glasses empty now
Was all that they were told
Drink yer glasses empty now
It's time to hit the sky
To the tune of thunder
There's no time to wonder why
We'd love to take life over that is plain
Forget about sorrow, forget about pain
And watch a John Wayne movie
To remind us once again
Better drink yer glasses empty now
It's time to hit the line
You got one less cause in the world
To be leaving for
Drink yer glasses girls and boys
It's time to hit the sky
To the tune of thunder
There's a tear in every eye
I'd like to take things one at a time
Forget about reason, forget about rhyme
Because beg, steal or borrow
You got another hill to climb
So drink yer glasses empty now
It's time to hit the road
There's one less cause in the world
To be leaving for
Drink yer glasses girls and boys
It's time to hit the sky
To the tune of thunder
There's no time to wonder why
We'd like to take life over again
When time of war had passed away into the rain
And watch a John Wayne movie
To remind us of the plains
Just drink yer glasses empty now
It's time to rise and shine
There's one less cause in the world
To be leaving for
Listen up and I'll tell you what is true
They done some thinking and they changed a thing or two
You been living in the hindsight
Of a backwards point of view
So drink yer glasses empty now
It's time to hit the road
There's one less cause in the world
To be leaving for"
"1994" "At times I just don't know
How you could be anything but beautiful
I think that I was made for you
And you were made for me
And I know that I won't ever change
We've been friends through rain or shine
For such a long, long time
Laughing eyes and smiling face
It seems so lucky just to have the right
Telling you with all my might
You're beautiful tonight
And I know that you won't ever stray
'Cause you've been that way from day to day
For such a long, long time
And when you hold me tight
How could life be anything but beautiful
I think that I was made for you
And you were made for me
And I know that I won't ever change
We've been friends through rain or shine
For such a long, long time
Well, I must say it means so much to me
To be the one who's telling you
I'm telling you, that you're beautiful"
"1995" "There's a love I hold dear
And it shines through each year
And it makes things seem different somehow
It's for better or worse
It's for people who thirst
For a love that burns brighter right now
And it shines on and on 'til all sadness is gone
And if children had wings I would sing them this song
With a smile on my face and a tear in my eye
Everything will be fine by and by
There were things that were said
There were things that were done
And a wife cannot stand too much pain
And what I thought was best
Couldn't please her much less
But my love still goes on, that don't change
And it shines on and on 'til all sadness is gone
And if children had wings I would sing them this song
With a smile on my lips and a tear in my eye
Everything will be fine by and by
And it shines on and on 'til all sadness is gone
And if children had wings I would sing them this song
With a smile on my face and a tear in my eye
Everything will be fine by and by
And it shines on and on 'til all sadness is gone
And if children had wings I would sing them this song
With a smile on my face and a tear in my eye
Everything will be fine by and by"
"1996" "Bells of the evening, O sing to my love
Tell her I miss her, my own turtledove
The streets of the old town are covered with rain
I think I might never know true love again
I'm lost with no road signs to guide me
A slave to my whisky and dreams
Bells of the evening, O bells that I love
I've got some feelings I long to be rid of
I'm not one to ramble; I'm not one to boast
Though I had one lover more lovely than most
She was a country girl born to be free
Who took to the city by chance there to find me
Bells of the evening go pealin'
I'm down here listenin' to you
Bells of the evening, O bells of the sea
Tell her that I love her, that I'm lost and so lonely
Bells of the evening, your sweet Sunday sound
Reminds me of the redwoods and moss covered ground
So if I should wander on back to the coast
Tell her to remember it's her I need the most
I'm caught by the minstrel's misfortune
Of being forever displaced
Bells of the evening, O bells of the sea
Tell her that I love her; That I'm lost I'm so lonely"
"1997" "The night is as black as the coal dust on the tracks
Up to the east day is dawning
From time to time I get women on my mind
I'm a son of a gun
Borderstone, borderstone gonna cross your line tonight
Borderstone, pretty little town, gonna make my bed tonight
The train that I'm on is a hundred boxcars long
So I don't sleep through to the morning
That's some chilly wind in this gondola I'm in
I wish I had a glass of beer
Borderstone, borderstone gonna cross your line tonight
Borderstone, pretty little town, gonna make my bed tonight
Borderstone, borderstone gonna cross your line tonight
Borderstone, pretty little town, gonna make my bed tonight
The boardinghouse reach is a thing no school can teach you
I confess I've been outfumbled
And the sound of the beans boiling through the evergreens
Sure do please a hungry man
Borderstone, borderstone gonna cross your line tonight
Borderstone, pretty little town, gonna make my bed tonight
Borderstone, borderstone gonna cross your line tonight
Borderstone, pretty little town, gonna make my bed tonight
The sound of the wheels rebounds across the fields
I'm a name with no number
And so I guess I'd be drifting more or less
But still it's not meant to be
Borderstone, borderstone gonna cross your line tonight
Borderstone, pretty little town, gonna make my bed tonight
Borderstone, borderstone gonna cross your line tonight
Borderstone, pretty little town, gonna make my bed tonight
Borderstone, borderstone gonna cross your line tonight
Borderstone, pretty little town, gonna make my bed tonight"
"1998" "She walks be the sea where the seaworld is
And she waits for the man to come
She lives in town with her high-heeled friends
And she knows it's a long way down
But she doesn't have to get up in the morning
With her hair so soft and long
Daylight Katy come on
Daylight Katy come on
If you can't follow me down
Daylight Katy go home
Daylight Katy come on
Daylight Katy come on
If you can't follow me down
Daylight Katy go home
She walks to the sea where the seaweed is
Where the rust and the dirt runs deep
She lives nine lives in her midnight world
While her old man's fast asleep
And she doesn't have to get up in the mornin'
With her hair so soft and long
Daylight Katy come on
Daylight Katy come on
If you can't follow me down
Daylight Katy go home
Daylight Katy come on
Daylight Katy come on
If you can't follow me down
Daylight Katy go home
She lives by the sea when the summer wind comes
And the sea don't mind at all
She talks to the sea when the sea runs wild
And the waves run steep and tall
And she doesn't have to get up in the mornin'
With her hair so soft and long
Daylight Katy come on
Daylight Katy come on
If you can't follow me down
Daylight Katy go home
Daylight Katy come on
Daylight Katy come on
If you can't follow me down
Daylight Katy go home
Daylight Katy come on
Daylight Katy come on
If you can't follow me down
Daylight Katy go home"
"1999" "All the lovely ladies in their finery tonight
I wish that I could know them one by one
All the handsome gentlemen with loving on their minds
Strolling in to take the ladies home
Bless you all and keep you on the road to tenderness
Heaven can be yours just for now.
All the gentle strangers who by nature do not smile
To everyone who cannot hold a pen
To all you heavy rounders with a headache for your pains
Who dread the thought of going 'round the bend
Bless you all and keep you on the road to better things
Heaven can be yours just for now.
To all the lovely ladies in their finery tonight
I wish that I could kiss you while you knit
To all the ones who learn to live with bein' second-guessed
Whose job it is to give more then to get
Bless you all and keep you with the strength to understand
Heaven can be yours just for now.
To all the little dreamers with a dream that cannot last
To all the sleeping giants who must wake
To every man who answers to the letter of the law
And all the rest imprisoned by mistake
Bless you all and keep you with the faith to let it pass
Heaven can be yours just for now
To all the lonely sailors who have trouble beeing seen
To all of you with heartache that remains
Maybe sometime later you might swim back into shore
If someone could relieve you of your chains
Bless you all and keep you all on the land or on the sea
Heaven can be yours, just for now"
"2000" "\"Nothing is for certain\"
That's what the showman said
First you must open the curtain
And stand 'em on their heads
There can be no inhibitions
No prima donna ways
If you want to pass the audition
And times is tough these days
Remember when Mr. Barnum
Presented Jenny Lind
They named a candy after her
A circus after him
End of my story
The rest is history
She in all of her glory
He lived quietly
He needed her, she needed him
As sure as the skies above
In a way it was for them
A lesson in love, a lesson in love
You look like the moon glow
That follows me home
Always makes me turn around
Won't leave me alone
First to come are the midgets
A monkey and a kid
Followed by those two one-armed jugglers
The ego and the id
Songs of the season
Apples of the sun
There is no rhyme or reason
Just a time for each and every one
Hang on Mr. Barnum
Hang on Jenny Lind
We will meet you in streets of gold
Where eternity begins
We will let it all hangout
Go hand in glove
Life was meant to live and learn
A lesson in love, a lesson in love"
"2001" "His father was a man who could never understand
The shame on a red man's face
So they lived in the hills and they never came down
But to trade in the white man's place
It was early in the spring when the snow had disappeared
They came down with a bag of skins
In the fall of the year of 1910
Daddy died by the rope down in Cherokee Bend.
Daddy didn't like what the white man said
'Bout the dirty little kid at his side
Daddy didn't like what the white man did
Nor the deal or the way that he lied
There was blood on the floor of the government store
When the men took his daddy away
But the boy stayed back till he come to his end
And he run like the wind from Cherokee Bend.
Now the mother was alone and the winter was at hand
And she prayed to her spirit kin
It was warm in the lodge in the Kentucky hills
On the day when the boy came in
Then a blizzard came down and it covered up the door
Till they thought that it never would end
And he told her the tale of the terrible affair
In the government store down in Cherokee Bend
Daddy didn't like what the white man said
'Bout the dirty little kid at his side
Daddy didn't like what the white man did
Nor the deal or the way that he lied
For three long days and three long nights
They wept and they mourned and then
She returned to her work and her weavin'
And they tried to forget about Cherokee Bend
Now the boy wasn't big but he hunted what he could
And they lived for a time that way
But the food run low and the meat went bad
And she said to the boy one day
I'm leaving tonight and I never will return
>From the land of my Spirit Kin
You must take what you need and trade what you can
For a Red Man's grave down in Cherokee Bend
It wasn't very long till she closed her eyes
And he wrapped her in a robe
He found her a place on the side of the hill
And he buried her in the snow
Early in the spring he was seen in the town
With his load looking ragged and thin
Not a year had gone by till he stood once again
In the government store down in Cherokee Bend
He was ten years tall and a Redskin too
So he hadn't much face to save
And the men sat around and they laughed and they clowned
At the talk of a criminal's grave
Then the man from the east didn't smile when he said
You're the son of that Indian scum
If you value your hide then you better abide
By the white man's rules here in Cherokee Bend.
Daddy didn't like what the white man said
'Bout the dirty little kid at his side
Daddy didn't like what the white man did
Nor the deal or the way that he lied
And he spit on the floor of the government store
And it served him to no good end
At the close of the day they had taken him away
To the white man's school down at Cherokee Bend
It's been 21 years since the boy disappeared
Where he run to, nobody knows
But they say he fell in with a man named Jim
And he rides in the rodeos
And they say he returns all alone to a place
Hidden deep in the Kentucky glen
And it's pretty well known who hauled up the stone
To the grave on the hill above Cherokee Bend
Daddy didn't like what the white man said
'Bout the dirty little kid at his side
Daddy didn't like what the white man did
Nor the deal or the way that he lied
There was blood on the floor of the government store
When the men took his daddy away
It was 1910 and they never had a friend
When he died by the rope down at Cherokee Bend
It was 1910 and they never had a friend
When he died by the rope down at Cherokee Bend"
"2002" "He was standin' by the highway
With a sign that just said \"mother\"
When he heard a driver comin'
'bout a half a mile away
Then he held the sign up higher
Where no decent soul could miss it
It was ten degrees or colder
Down by bolder dam that day
He was raised up in milwaukee
Though he never was that famous
He was just a road musician
To the taverns he would go
Singin' songs about the ramblin'
The lovin' girls and gamblin'
How the world fell on his shoulders
Back in boulder I don't know
It was out in arizona
That he heard the lady listenin'
To each word that he was sayin'
To each line that he would write
So he sat down by her table and
They talked about the weather
Ninety-eight point six and risin'
Down by boulder dam that day
And she told him she would take him
For a ride in the mornin' sun
Back in boulder he had told her
\"I don't know when I had a better friend\"
Now he's traded off his martin
But his troubles are not over
For his feet are almost frozen
And the sun is sinkin' low
Won't you listen to me brother
If you ever loved your mother
Please pull off on the shoulder
If you're goin' milwaukee way
It's ten degrees and getting colder
Down by boulder dam today"
"2003" "In my life
In my time and in each line I've ever sung
And in my life
Was it my imagination or are you still the one
Who lingers on
I'd do anything for you
You'd do anything for me
We'd do anything for love
Ohh, you'd use any means
And I would try any scheme for love
We'd do anything for love
Once or twice
In my loneliness I watched the world go by
There was I
One too many miles beyond where you might say
Some luck was due, after all
We could have touched the sky
You had no alibi because
We'd do anything for love
Ohh, I would try any means
To have you in all my dreams because
You'd do anything for love
Not long ago as I remember
Once upon a dark and windy day
When love looked like a dying ember
Before you came to call
The beauty of it all, I though I'd lost and yet
'Cause in my life
There in my mind in it now shines
A guiding light
Never again will I lose my way
Ohh, I would not tell a lie and
You had no alibi because
We'd do anything for love
Ohh, you'd use any means
And I would try any scheme for love
Simply anything for love
Ohh, I would do anything
Just about anything because
We'd do anything for love
Anything for love
Anything for love
Anything for love"
"2004" "With a lady-like devotion
She sails the bitter ocean
If it wasn't for lovesick sailors
There'd be nothin' left but flotsam
Singin' why me oh my
Is there a better man than I
I hope you find your way back home
Before you're lyin' high and dry
I hope you find your way back home
Before you die
Her sails blow like bubbles
While ya sip yer daily doubles
If she wasn't so fond of the weather
She might give the deckhands trouble
Singin' why me oh my
Is there a better man than I
I hope you find your way back home
Before you're lyin' high and dry
I hope you find your way back home
Before you die
One day when I grew older
And I found I could not hold her
She took on a fine young skipper
Who soon run her up on a boulder
Singin' why me oh my
Is there a better man than I
I hope you find your way back home
Before you're lyin' high and dry
I hope you find your way back home
Before you die
Now the pleasures of the harbor
Don't include a lady barber
If it wasn't for Long John Silver
All of us pirates would've been martyrs
Singin' why me oh my
Is there a better man than I
I hope you find your way back home
Before you're lyin' high and dry
I hope you find your way back home
Before you're lyin' high and dry
I hope you find your way back home
Before you die"
"2005" "You are like a wish come true, I'm counting on you
Through two shipwrecked eyes I've come to see
Everything I had to give has been given to you
Baby, that's the way it all should be
Always on the bright side
Keeps it kind of light
That girl gets friendlier each day
Love alone will keep me breathing all through the night
In that quiet place where dreams abide
You and I together are a bit of all right
Feeling good is how we wish to be
Always on the bright side
Always out of sight
Nesting like two eagles in the trees
Always on the bright side
Keeps it kind of light
That girl gets friendlier each day
Always on the bright side
Always out of sight
Nesting like two eagles in the trees"
"2006" "Beyond the wild misty mountain
Within the valley so free
There dwells a maid with a heart so mellow
Soft as the wind and wild as the sea
When will you love me
As I love thee
I have no gold to give her
Nor gowns of soft crimson hue
Nor poems of love no rhymes to bring her
Into my heart so strong so true
When will you love me
As I love you
Beyond the wild misty mountain
Within the valley so free
There dwells a maid with a heart so mellow
Soft as the wind and wild as the sea
When will you love me
As I love thee"
"2007" "In my canary yellow canoe, my yellow canoe
I want to go tripping in my canary yellow canoe
The Eastmain, Coppermine, Back River too
In my canary yellow canoe
In my canary yellow canoe, yellow canoe
I want to run rivers in my canary yellow canoe
The Dumoine River, Rupert River, George River too
In my canary yellow canoe
In my canary yellow canoe, mellow yellow canoe
I want to go tripping in my canary yellow canoe
Chibougamau, Peace River, Resolute too
In my canary yellow canoe
In my canary yellow canoe, my elephant too
I want to go tripping in my canary yellow canoe
Churchill, Yellowknife, Ross River too
In my canary yellow canoe"
"2008" "You've got time enough for two of us
What is mine, I will share
We've got things that we can do without
Most anytime, anywhere
Every little daydream that appears in all we do
Gives us some problems of our own
If you turn back to that page again
And you can't win, if you ask me, I'll tag along
Paper matches in the afternoon
Cups of tea and all of that Zen
I think, it's time we took a walk outside
It seems there is no oxygen
This time tomorrow, we might all be packed and gone
I believe, it's best we carry on
Smoke rings rising 'til they disappear
In the sky above, if you ask me, I'll tag along
Each and every bad dream will be hammered into dust
When we get back where we belong
If you ever turn that page again
You need a friend, if you ask me, I'll tag along
This time tomorrow, we might all be packed and gone
I believe, it's best we carry on
Smoke rings rising 'til they disappear
In the sky above, if you ask me, I'll tag along"
"2009" "All I'm after is to be on your winning side
All I need is to be turning back the tide
'Cause I care too much for the life that I lead
What you're thinking could be anybody's guess
All I'm after is the sun and the summer nights
By the seashore, don't want no more neon lights
Just the sand and the sky as the hours roll by
Ain't it funny, how the world seems to be back there in my dreams
All I see is my reflection in your wild and winsome ways
Ain't it funny, life feels different every day
All I'm after is to be the flame in your tattoo
Be the one girl who can thrill me through and through
This is just a guess but I must confess
It feels better being certain
Please excuse my truthfulness
What I'm seeing's worth believing
When you thrill me like you do
So you wonder why my feelings never fade
I think I got it made
In the evening when the rain begins to fall
That's when I wonder if you think of me at all
But you sound so sad, in your special way
Ain't it funny, life feels different with each new passing day
All I need is my reflection in your wild and windswept ways
Ain't it funny how life changes every day"
"2010" "If you'd like to spend the afternoon approaching Lavender
You'll feel just fine but one thing's sure
You'll never be the same
If you'd like to try your hand at understanding Lavender
Then you must be very sure
That life is not a game
You might even learn a thing or two approaching Lavender
You'll soon be on a one night tour
Forgetting your own name
You won't need a reason just to be alone with Lavender
For the light so warm and pure
Will draw you like a flame
The colors that surround you there will be the shade of Lavender
Shadows dancing everywhere
Like flowers in the rain
You will find your tongue's on fire while lying next to Lavender
With words you never spoke before
And will not speak again
Oh sweet Lavender, I understand you perfectly
There is no way that I can see
You living by yourself
Oh sweet Lavender, I must be with you constantly
Your presence means so much to me
Much more that life itself
Oh sweet Lavender, as fragrant as the name you bear
Please cast away the clothes you wear
And give your love to me
Oh sweet Lavender, your smile is like the golden sun
I'd love to see you laugh and run
As naked as the sea
If you'd like to spend the afternoon approaching Lavender
Don't try and get the best of her
She will not share the blame
If you'd like to try your hand at understanding Lavender
Then you must be very sure
That life is not a game
There is no shame"
"2011" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2012" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2013" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2014" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2015" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2016" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2017" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2018" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2019" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2020" "Round like a circle in a spiral, like a wheel within a wheel
Never ending or beginning on an ever spinning reel
Like a snowball down a mountain, or a carnival balloon
Like a carousel that's turning running rings around the moon
Like a clock whose hands are sweeping past the minutes of its face
And the world is like an apple whirling silently in space
Like the circles that you find in the windmills of your mind!
Like a tunnel that you follow to a tunnel of its own
Down a hollow to a cavern where the sun has never shone
Like a door that keeps revolving in a half forgotten dream
Or the ripples from a pebble someone tosses in a stream
Like a clock whose hands are sweeping past the minutes of its face
And the world is like an apple whirling silently in space
Like the circles that you find in the windmills of your mind!
Keys that jingle in your pocket, words that jangle in your head
Why did summer go so quickly, was it something that you said?
Lovers walking along a shore and leave their footprints in the sand
Is the sound of distant drumming just the fingers of your hand?
Pictures hanging in a hallway and the fragment of a song
Half remembered names and faces, but to whom do they belong?
When you knew that it was over you were suddenly aware
That the autumn leaves were turning to the color of her hair!
Like a circle in a spiral, like a wheel within a wheel
Never ending or beginning on an ever spinning reel
As the images unwind, like the circles that you find
In the windmills of your mind!"
"2021" "Every night in my dreams
I see you, I feel you,
That is how I know you go on
Far across the distance
And spaces between us
You have come to show you go on
Near, far, wherever you are
I believe that the heart does go on
Once more you open the door
And you're here in my heart
And my heart will go on and on
Love can touch us one time
And last for a lifetime
And never let go till we're gone
Love was when I loved you
One true time I hold to
In my life we'll always go on
Near, far, wherever you are
I believe that the heart does go on
Once more you open the door
And you're here in my heart
And my heart will go on and on
You're here, there's nothing I fear,
And I know that my heart will go on
We'll stay forever this way
You are safe in my heart
And my heart will go on and on"
"2022" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2023" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2024" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2025" "I give to you and you give to me
True love true love
So on and on it will always be
True love true love
For you and I have a guardian angel
On high with nothing to do
But to give to you and to give to me
Love forever true
For you and I have a guardian angel
On high with nothing nothing to do
But to give to you and to give to me
Love forever true"
"2026" ""
"2027" "Night time sharpens, hightens each sensation. Darkness stirs and wakes imagination. Silently the sences abanden their defences.
Slowly, gently, night unfurls it's splendor. Grasp it, sence it, tremulous and tendor. Turn your face away from the garish light of day. Turn your thoughts away from cold unfeeling light and listen to the music of the night.
Close your eyes and serendor to your darkest dreams, perge all thoughts of the life you knew before. Close your eyes, let your spirit start to soar. And you'll live as you've never lived before.
Softly, deaftly, music shall caress you. Hear it, feel it, secretly posess you. Open up your mind, let your fantasies unwind, in this darkness that you know you can not fight, the darkness of the music of the night.
Let your mind start a journey through a strange new world. Leave all thoughts of the life you knew before. Let your soul take you where you long to be, only then, can you belong to me.
Floating, falling, sweet intoxication. Touch me, trust me, savour each sensation. Let the dream begin, let your darkest side give in, to the power of the music that I write. The power of the music of the night.
You alone can make my song take flight. Help me make the music of the night."
"2028" "Oh beautiful for spacious skies,
For amber waves of grain,
For purple mountain majesties
Above the fruited plain!
America! America!
God shed his grace on thee
And crown thy good with brotherhood
From sea to shining sea!
Oh beautiful for pilgrim feet
Whose stern impassioned stress
A thoroughfare of freedom beat
Across the wilderness!
America! America!
God mend thine every flaw,
Confirm thy soul in self-control,
Thy liberty in law!
Oh beautiful for heroes proved
In liberating strife.
Who more than self their country loved
And mercy more than life!
America! America!
May God thy gold refine
'Till all success be nobleness
And every gain divine!
Oh beautiful for patriot dream
That sees beyond the years
Thine alabaster cities gleam
Undimmed by human tears!
America! America!
God shed his grace on thee
And crown thy good with brotherhood
From sea to shining sea!
Oh beautiful for halcyon skies,
For amber waves of grain,
For purple mountain majesties
Above the enameled plain!
America! America!
God shed his grace on thee
'Till souls wax fair as earth and air
And music-hearted sea!
Oh beautiful for pilgrims feet,
Whose stem impassioned stress
A thoroughfare for freedom beat
Across the wilderness!
America! America!
God shed his grace on thee
'Till paths be wrought through
Wilds of thought
By pilgrim foot and knee!
Oh beautiful for glory-tale
Of liberating strife
When once and twice,
For man's avail
Men lavished precious life!
America! America!
God shed his grace on thee
'Till selfish gain no longer stain
The banner of the free!
Oh beautiful for patriot dream
That sees beyond the years
Thine alabaster cities gleam
Undimmed by human tears!
America! America!
God shed his grace on thee
'Till nobler men keep once again
Thy whiter jubilee!"
"2029" ""
"2030" "Seventy-six trombones led the big parade
With a hundred and ten cornets close at hand.
They were followed by rows and rows of the finest virtuo-
Sos, the cream of ev'ry famous band.
Seventy-six trombones caught the morning sun
With a hundred and ten cornets right behind
There were more than a thousand reeds
Springing up like weeds
There were horns of ev'ry shape and kind.
There were copper bottom tympani in horse platoons
Thundering, thundering all along the way.
Double bell euphoniums and big bassoons,
Each bassoon having it's big, fat say!
There were fifty mounted cannon in the battery
Thundering, thundering louder than before
Clarinets of ev'ry size
And trumpeters who'd improvise
A full octave higher than the score!"
"2031" "WASHINGTON POST
Get the news, the very latest news, the news youll never get from any other source, sir.
The Washington Post is my newspaper
The Washington Post the one to read, the Washington Post is all you need,
The Washington Post is my view shaper,
The Washington Post, The Washington Post, The Washington Post, the Post, the Post
So if youre after the latest news, The Washington Post will give you the most,
And if youre craving the latest views, The Washington Post is the one you need, sir!
So if you are after the latest news, The Washington Post will give you the most,
And if youre craving the latest views, The Washington Post is the one to read, sir!"
"2032" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2033" "Sarah:
I don't have to say
A word to you
You seem to know
Whatever mood
I'm going through
Feels as though
I've know you forever.
Jos:
You
Can look into my eyes and see
The way I feel
And how
The world is treating me
Maybe I have known you forever.
Both:
Amigos para siempre
Means you always be my friend
Amigos para siempre
Means a love that can not end
Friend for life
Not just a summer or a srping
Amigos para siempre.
I feel you near me
Even when we are apart
Jjust knowing you are in this world
Can warm my heart
Friends for life
Not just a summer or a spring
Amigos para siempre.
Sarah:
We share memories
I won't forget
And we'll sahre more
My friend,
We haven't started yet
Something happens
When we're together
*Jos:
When
I look at you
I wonder why
There has to come
A time when we must say goodbye
I'm alive when we are together
Both:
Amigos para siempre
Mmeans you'll always be my friend
Amigos apra siempre
Means a love can not end
Friends for life
Not just a summer or a spring
Amigos para siempre
I feel you near me
Even when we are apart
Just knowing you are in this world
Can warm my heart
Friends for life
Not just a summer or a spring
Amigos para siempre.*
*se repite*Canciones de Sarah Brightman
In Spain the most famous renditions of this song was made by Spanish group Los Manolos with rumba arrangements and Spanish lyrics, except for the chorus. It reached number 3 in the Spanish charts. [1] It was later reinterpreted by Effie and Norman Gunston and reached the top 20 in Australia at the time.
Amigos para sempre
Lyric:"
"2034" "Our home is the u.s. of a may the stars and the stripes wave forever. We hornor the red white and blue a nation strong and true.
You a grand old flag you a high flying flag and forever in peace may you wave you the elbem of the land i love the home of the free an the brave. every heart beats true under red white and blue wheres theres never a boast or brag. but shual all aquince be forgot keep you eye on the grand old flag"
"2035" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2036" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2037" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2038" "It won't be easy, you'll think it strange
When I try to explain how I feel
That I still need your love after all that I've done
You won't believe me
All you will see is a girl you once knew
Although she's dressed up to the nines
At sixes and sevens with you
I had to let it happen, I had to change
Couldn't stay all my life down at heel
Looking out of the window, staying out of the sun
So I chose freedom
Running around, trying everything new
But nothing impressed me at all
I never expected it to
Don't cry for me Argentina
The truth is I never left you
All through my wild days
My mad existence
I kept my promise
Don't keep your distance
And as for fortune, and as for fame
I never invited them in
Though it seems to the world they were all I desired
They are illusions
They're not the solutions they promised to be
The answer was here all the time
I love you and hope you love me
Don't cry for me Argentina
Don't cry for me Argentina
The truth is I never left you
All through my wild days
My mad existence
I kept my promise
Don't keep your distance
Have I said too much?
There's nothing more I can think of to say to you
But all you have to do is look at me
To know that every word is true"
"2039" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2040" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2041" "Holy Mary, Day by day
Watch beside us, guard and guide us
Lest we stray on life's highway
On our knees to thee
Humbly we pray
Hear my plea! Pity me,
Blessed Mary send and save me
Holy Maid, Lend your aid
Ere the convent vows enslave me.
Fairest Flow'rs I'll bring you,
Sweetest songs I'll sing you,
Pray'r and Praise shall not cease
If you grant release."
"2042" "happy happy birth day
from me to you
happy happy birthday
may all your dreams come true!"
"2043" "Oh when the saints (oh when the saints)
go marching in (go marching in)
Oh when the saints go marching in
I want to be in that number
Oh when the saints go marching in
Oh when the saints (oh when the saints)
go marching in (go marching in)
Oh when the saints go marching in
I want to be in that number
Oh when the saints go marching in"
"2044" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2045" ""
"2046" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2047" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2048" "De la sierra morena cielito lindo
vienen bajando un par de ojitos negros
cielito lindo de contravando,
ese lunar que tienes cielito lindo
junto a tu boca no se lo des a nadie
cielito lindo que a mi me toca
ay ay ay ay
canta y no llores por que cantando se alegran
cielito lindo los corazones"
"2049" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2050" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2051" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2052" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2053" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2054" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2055" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2056" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2057" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2058" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2059" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2060" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2061" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2062" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2063" "O come all ye faithful
Joyful and triumphant,
O come ye, o come ye to Bethlehem
Come and behold him,
Born the king of angels;
O come, let us adore him,
O come, let us adore him,
O come, let us adore him,
Christ the lord
O sing, choirs of angels,
Sing in exultation,
Sing all that hear in heaven god's holy word
Give to our father glory in the highest;
O come, let us adore him,
O come, let us adore him,
O come, let us adore him,
Christ the lord
All hail! lord, we greet thee,
Born this happy morning,
O Jesus! for evermore be thy name adored
Word of the father, now in flesh appearing;
O come, let us adore him,
O come, let us adore him,
O come, let us adore him,
Christ the lord"
"2064" ""
"2065" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2066" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2067" "Libiamo, libiamo nelieti calici che la belleza infiora.
E la fuggevol ora sinebrii a volutt.
Libiamo nedolci fremiti
Che suscita lamore,
Poich quellochio al core
Omnipotente va.
Libiamo, amore fra i calici
Pi caldi baci avr.
Libiamo, amore fra i calici
Pi caldi baci avr.
Libiamo, amore fra i calici
Pi caldi baci avr.
Tra voi, tra voi sapr dividere il tempo mio giocondo
Tutto follia nel mondo ci
Che non piacer.
Godiam, fugace e rapido
Eil gaudio dellamore,
Eun fior che nasce e muore,
Ne pi si pu goder.
Godiam, cinvita un fervido accento lusighier.
Godiam, cinvita un fervido accento lusighier.
Libiamo nedolci fremiti
Che suscita lamore,
Poich quellochio al core
Omnipotente va.
Godiamo, la tazza e il cantico la notte abbella e il riso. in questo paradiso ne sopra il nuovo d."
"2068" "Stella al ciel,
Vorrei saper la strada
Che sei andata per l'eternit.
Tu stai lucendo.
La celeste oscurit.
Per te il mondo va.
Mostra 'l cammin
Per spazio e dimensioni
Un' infinita via voglio andar,
Finch l'amore che esiste nel mio cuor
Non mai mi lascer.
Dell' universo
Il nostro amor avr
L'immensa profondit.
Solo tu, solo tu
Vai la strada delle stelle
Con me senza finir,
Perch confine mai avr.
Solo tu, solo tu
Correrai al firmamento e
Cogli la stella che
Per sempre a noi ben vorr."
"2069" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2070" "Ode aan Maastricht
Kom met me mee naar Maastricht
Voor wie niet weet waar dat ligt
Ergens in het uiterste zuiden van het land
Parel van het Limburgse land
Stad met een eigen gezicht
Door de Romeinen gesticht
En door de Fransen beinvloed als geen
Kom maar, dan gaan we er heen
Kom met me mee en flaneer
Proef die Bourgondisch sfeer
Stad van traditie van wierook en bier
Altijd het grootste plezier
Stad aan de kolkende Maas
Weinig bezongen helaas
Stad zoals jij bent, zo is er niet een
Kom maar dan gaan we er heen
Hmmmm Hmmmmmm
Kom met me mee naar Maastricht
Stad met het oude gezicht
Stokoude straten maar jong nog van hart
Altijd een beetje apart
Stad aan de kolkende Maas
Weining bezongen helaas
Zo'n zacht G als jij heeft er niet een
Stad als een onuitgesproken gedicht
Kom met me mee naar Maastricht
Kom maar dan gaan we er heen"
"2071" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2072" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2073" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2074" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2075" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2076" "Oh my love, why did you leave me?
Say, is it true that you have gone?
My whole world is full of darkness
Without you there is no sun
Oh my love, I feel so lonely
Im yearning for your lovely eyes
All I have, is just the memory
Of your face so dear and wise
All the time we were together
We always thought it was for ever
Once we lived in paradise
With roses red and silver skies
We used to laugh and dance and live
A life of happiness
And full of sweet caress
Oh darling
Please don't go
Because I need you
I cannot live when you have gone
My whole world is full of darkness
Never more will there be sun
All the time we were together
We always thought it was for ever
Oh my love, I feel so lonely
I'm yearning for your lovely eyes
All I have, is just the memory
Of your face so dear and wise
Please don't go
Because I need you
Oh please don't go
Because I need you
I need you, I need you, just you..."
"2077" "Like a golden dream, in my heart e'er smiling.
Lives a vision fair of happy love I knew in days gone by.
Still I seem to hear, your laughter beguiling.
Still to see the joy, the love light beaming from your radiant eyes.
Will my dreaming be in vain?
Will my love ne'er come again?
Oh, come, shall we waste the golden hours of youth far apart?
What care I for live, without you by my side?
Do not delay, the hours slip away.
Your arms are my paradise.
You and only you can fill my heart.
Oh, star of my heaven,
Come back and shed your light upon my way.
Come back! Come back!"
"2078" "Zeig, kleiner Stern,
den weiten Weg des Lebens,
den du gegangen bist durch alle Zeit.
Du stehst dort leuchtend
an dem dunklen Himmelszelt,
in dir seh' ich die Welt.
Zeig mir den Weg,
durch Raum und Dimensionen
unendlich weit will ich das Leben gehen.
Damit die Liebe die in meinem Herzen lebt,
fr ewig wird bestehen.
So wie das All soll unsre Liebe sein
unendlich tief und weit.
Nur mit dir mcht ich gehen
jenen weiten Weg der Sterne
der ohne Ende ohne Anfang
ewig weiter geht.
Nur mit dir mcht' ich ziehen
diese breite Bahn am Himmelszelt.
Dort wo ein Stern steht der fr alle Zeit zu uns hlt."
"2079" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2080" "My heart is broken, but what care I? Such pride inside me has spoken,
I shall do my best not to cry, by and by,
When the final farewells must be spoken.
I'll join the legion, that's what I'll do, and in some far distant region,
Where human hearts are staunch and true; I shall start my life anew.
Goodbye, it's time I sought a foreign clime,
Where I may find there are hearts more kind than I leave behind.
And so I go to fight the savage foe,
Although I know that I'll be sometimes missed by the girls I've kissed.
In some Abyssinian, French dominion I shall do my bit,
And fall for the flag if I must.
Where the desert sand is nice and sandy, I 'll be full of grit,
You won't see my heels for the dust.
I'll do or die, you'll know the reason why when told,
Of bold Leopold's last stands for the fatherland."
"2081" "Daylight
See the dew on the sunflower
And a rose that is fading
Roses whither away
Like the sunflower
I yearn to turn my face to the dawn
I am waiting for the day
Midnight
Not a sound from the pavement
Has the moon lost her memory?
She is smiling alone
In the lamplight
The withered leaves collect at my feet
And the wind begins to moan
Memory
All alone in the moonlight
I can smile at the old days
I was beautiful then
I remember the time I knew what happiness was
Let the memory live again
Every streetlamp
Seems to beat a fatalistic warning
Someone mutters
And the streetlamp gutters
And soon it will be morning
Daylight
I must wait for the sunrise
I must think of a new life
And I musn't give in
When the dawn comes
Tonight will be a memory too
And a new day will begin
Burnt out ends of smoky days
The stale cold smell of morning
The streetlamp dies, another night is over
Another day is dawning
Touch me
It's so easy to leave me
All alone with the memory
Of my days in the sun
If you touch me
You'll understand what happiness is
Look
A new day has begun"
"2082" "Ocean bird, I wish to tell you
A story from a long time ago.
Oh ocean bird, I wish to tell you
That sad old song you have to know.
America, so many heroes
They left their homes and crossed the waves.
America, you sent your young boys
Oh ocean bird, how must I tell you
That sad old song? They came to save us!
America, so many heroes
They lost their lives and filled the graves.
America, we love your heroes
America, we are your friends
America, we?ll always love you
And keep you in our hearts and hands
America, so many heroes
They left their homes and crossed the waves.
America, you die of grief now
Oh ocean bird, how must I tell you
That sad new song? They are in pain now!
America, we share your sorrow,
America, let hope remain"
"2083" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2084" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2085" "Verse 1:
There high up in the tower,
they hang there as a set
reliable and trusted,
the big bells and the small.
The small ones bring us happiness,
the big ones can be sad;
The wind ensures the chimes are heard
far across the fields.
Refrain:
Dear ringing bells of
Limburg, my homeland
Dear ringing bells that
strengthen our ties.
Let us just listen
to what is occurring
those sweet ringing bells
of Limburg, my land.
Bim-bam, bim-bam,
the bells of Limburg, my land.
Bim-bam, bim-bam,
the bells that strengthen our ties.
Verse 2:
We hear them oh so gladly,
those ever charming chimes
that ring to gently lead us
throughout our whole lifetime.
And when the bells fall silent,
then life seems bare and still
We wait with eager longing
to hear the bells again.
Refrain:"
"2086" "Hoera! Viva! Mestreech!!!!!
(hurray, viva, Maasticht)
Jao diech hbs us aon 't hart gelege
(Yes you have been in our heart)
Mestreech, door alle ieuwe heer.
(Maastricht, troughout all the ages)
Veer bleve diech altied genege
(We will always stay kind to you
en deilde dreufheid en plezeer.
(and share sadness and pleasure)
Veer huurde naor dien aw histories
(We listend to your old stories)
te peerd op grampeer ziene sjoet.
(horssitting at granddad's knees)
Eus ouge blnke bij dien glories,
(our eyes shone at your glories
of perelde bij diene noet.
(or were pears at your distress)
En dee van diech 't sjoens welt prijze
(and who wants to praise your beauty)
In taol, die al wie zinge klink,
(in language that sounds like singing)
tot dee op nui Mestreechter wijze
(till he, in a new Maastricht manner)
zien aaid Mestreech met us bezingk.
(celebrateshis old Maastricht with us)
Me zong vaan diech ten alle tije,
(one has song about you always)
us mooiers znge bij de weeg,
(our mothers song at the craddle)
en voolte veer us rech tevreie,
(and when we felt satisfied)
daan zong ze e leedsje vaan Mestreech.
(then they song a song about Maastricht)
Doe, blom vaan Nederlands landouwe,
(You, fower of dutch agriculture)
gegreuid op 't graaf vaan Sintervaos,
(grown at Servaas his grave)
bis weerdig dbbel te besjouwe,
(deserve it to be regared double)
gespiegeld in de blaanke Maos.
(mirrored in the white Maas)
'n Staar, de witste oet de klaore,
(a star, the whites our of the clearness)
besjijnt diech met hr straole zach
(shines on you with soft beams)
en um diech zuver te bewaore,
(and to preserve you pure)
'nen ingel helt bij diech de wach.
(an angel guard you)
Wie dks woorste neet priesgegeve,
mr heels dien kroen toch opgeriech
(how many times you were given away)
en ongeknak biste gebleve,
(and unbroken you prevailed)
door euze band vaan trw aon diech
(trough our bond of trust to you)
Daorum de hand us touwgestke,
(therefore a hand offered to us)
't oug geriech op, 't stareleech;
(the eyes facing the light od the star)
En weurt dat oug daan ins gebroke,
(and if the eye gets broken once)
daan beijt veur us 't aaid Mestreech
(then old Maastricht prayes for us)"
"2087" ""
"2088" ""
"2089" ""
"2090" ""
"2091" ""
"2092" ""
"2093" "'Tis the last rose of summer,
Left blooming alone.
All her lovely companions
Are faded and gone.
No flow'r of her kindred,
No rosebud is nigh,
To reflect back her blushes
Or give sigh for sigh.
I'll not leave thee thou lone one
To pine on the stem,
Since the lovely are sleeping
Go sleep thou with them;
Thus kindly I scatter
Thy leaves o'er the bed,
Where thy mates of the garden
Lie scentless and dead.
So soon may I follow
When friendships decay,
And from loves' shining circle
The gems drop away!
When true hearts lie withered
And fond ones are flown
Oh! Who would inhabit
This bleak world alone?"
"2094" "Sometimes the world is a valley of heartaches and tears
And in the hustle and bustle, no sunshine appears
But you and I have our love always there to remind us
There is a way we can leave all the shadows behind us
Volare, oh, oh! Cantare, oh, oh, oh, oh!
Let's fly way up to the clouds, away from the maddening crowds
We can sing in the glow of a star that I know of
Where lovers enjoy peace of mind
Let us leave the confusion and all disillusion behind
Just like birds of a feather a rainbow together we'll find
Volare, oh, oh! Cantare, oh, oh, oh, oh!
No wonder my happy heart sings
Your love has given me wings
Your love has given me wings"
"2095" ""
"2096" "I give to you and you give to me
True love true love
So on and on it will always be
True love true love
For you and I have a guardian angel
On high with nothing to do
But to give to you and to give to me
Love forever true
For you and I have a guardian angel
On high with nothing nothing to do
But to give to you and to give to me
Love forever true"
"2097" ""
"2098" ""
"2099" ""
"2100" ""
"2101" ""
"2102" ""
"2103" ""
"2104" ""
"2105" ""
"2106" ""
"2107" ""
"2108" ""
"2109" ""
"2110" ""
"2111" ""
"2112" ""
"2113" ""
"2114" ""
"2115" ""
"2116" ""
"2117" ""
"2118" ""
"2119" ""
"2120" ""
"2121" ""
"2122" ""
"2123" ""
"2124" ""
"2125" ""
"2126" ""
"2127" ""
"2128" ""
"2129" ""
"2130" ""
"2131" ""
"2132" ""
"2133" "Somewhere over the rainbow, way up high
There's a land that I've heard of once in a lullaby.
Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue
And the dreams that you dare to dream,
Really do come true.
Someday I'll wish upon a star
And wake up where the clouds are far behind me.
Where troubles melt like lemon drops,
High above the chimney tops,
That's where you'll find me.
Somewhere over the rainbow, blue birds fly
Birds fly over the rainbow
Why then, oh why can't I?
If happy little bluebirds fly beyond the rainbow
Why, oh why can't I?
Somewhere over the rainbow, way up high
There's a land that I've heard of once in a lullaby.
Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue
And the dreams that you dare to dream,
Really do come true.
Someday I'll wish upon a star
And wake up where the clouds are far behind me.
Where troubles melt like lemon drops,
High above the chimney tops,
That's where you'll find me.
Somewhere over the rainbow, blue birds fly
Birds fly over the rainbow
Why then, oh why can't I?
If happy little bluebirds fly beyond the rainbow
Why, oh why can't I?"
"2134" ""
"2135" ""
"2136" ""
"2137" ""
"2138" ""
"2139" "Every night in my dreams
I see you, I feel you,
That is how I know you go on
Far across the distance
And spaces between us
You have come to show you go on
Near, far, wherever you are
I believe that the heart does go on
Once more you open the door
And you're here in my heart
And my heart will go on and on
Love can touch us one time
And last for a lifetime
And never let go till we're gone
Love was when I loved you
One true time I hold to
In my life we'll always go on
Near, far, wherever you are
I believe that the heart does go on
Once more you open the door
And you're here in my heart
And my heart will go on and on
You're here, there's nothing I fear,
And I know that my heart will go on
We'll stay forever this way
You are safe in my heart
And my heart will go on and on"
"2140" ""
"2141" ""
"2142" ""
"2143" ""
"2144" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2145" "Dressed not in mourning but in black
See the fire in our eyes
Always ready to fight back
Never hiding in disguise
Many enemies bring much honour...
The fighting man shall from the sun
Take warmth and life from the glowing earth
Speed with the light-foot winds to run
And with the trees to newer birth
An all-bright company of heaven
Hold him in high comradeship
The dog-star and the sister seven
The Will to Power and a sworded hip
The woodland trees that stand together
They stand to him each one a friend
Many enemies bring much honour...
And when the burning moment breaks
And all things else are out of mind
And only joy of battle takes
Him by the throat and makes him blind
Through joy and blindness he shall know
Not caring much to know that still
Nor lead nor steel shall reach him so
That it be not his Destined Will
Many enemies bring much honour...
The thundering line of battle stands
And in the air, death's history
The day shall clasp him with strong hands
The night shall hold sweet victory
Many enemies bring much honour..."
"2146" ""
"2147" "And I shall your eyes
Into tears
When all that's left
Are the hollows of devotion
And, out of vision
We shall bring
The void
Crowned with hoods
And crying with hope
Eagle on arm
And terror in eye
Resist and struggle
Your faith is a lie
And, the death of dreams
Shall be a beautiful end
With flowers of filth
And wine and fine men
Certains slips of the tongue
Are laced with disappointment
With disappointment
From start to end
Confront me with your dream
And lives so cruel I curse
And, I shall turn your eyes
Into tears
When all that's left
Are the hollows of devotion
And, out of vision
We shall bring
The void
Crowned with hoods
And crying with hope
And, the death of dreams
Shall be a beautiful end
With flowers of filth
And wine and fine men"
"2148" ""
"2149" "Many blurred dead king's faces
Move photolike through time's gape and gauge
The dull drum's thud and drone
Is not heroic battlebeat
This is the grey clock's cog
There are not the banners of heroes
Or flags we should fly
These are not proud pennants
These are the clothes of prisoned mind
These stumps of man on boxes
Are not the vox or voces
Of god or gods
They are the forms of the breaths of dust
This is the great ocean of birth and death
Kye ma kya ma
Oh paradise
Never lost and not to be gained here
These are not the heroes
These are not more than drenched earthtops
These are not more than you or I
Listen:
I swear by the blank of the moon
(Under the archen stars I stand alone)
I swear by the spiting sttreaming sun
These cups of fire, of waterred scales
That cover our laughing round of spaces
Are nothing
Nothing
Like tho mouse with horns
A fable full of lightless dark
You are now to me the lost queen
The new age and her train moves on
Behind the smiling lips concealed
The clacking jaws of gummy rictus
Not motionless but motionless
The savourless lines of open lies
Proclaim:
\"This is a bes
It shall ever be
Think of the things
That shall never be\"
And our soul stalks empty hearted
Empty-handed
As it hangs its light
On hooks of symbols
Hooks of gods and goath and hooks of crooks
You must know: this is not paradise
Father time spins on and grins and skips his
Scythe
Over our flowered heads
And takes us to the muddy house
Of dreamless sleep
Oh this is not paradise
All the empty buildings clutching
Bags of pain and bone and skin
Masks of despair and waterbruns
The bells ring out and make no sense
They make the skies bend
Through you wait for me
This is not paradise
(Through you wait for me)
This is not paradise..."
"2150" ""
"2151" ""
"2152" "Open up you mind
And ku ku ku, baby
And time will stand still for you
Seize the end of time
And ku ku ku, baby
See, it will be mine
And ku ku ku, baby
I will bleed into the blind
So ku ku ku, baby
And time will stand still for you
Open up you mind
And ku ku ku, baby..."
"2153" "There, over there
Has gone, goes and will go
The copper sun
Tarnishes with the year's tears
The golden golden copper sun
Old eldest dead
Over the blue milky seasky
Loss and lost and losing
Do not wept
All this is passing
All the birds wing and fall
Through the heavens
The cloudy clouds
Of snow of dew and of smoke
A shuddering reflection
Vanishing with the dropped stone
Oh, I wait under the spaces
Under the molten starrain
The flashing falling planets
Do not wept
All this is passing
So high I could come
So far I shall fall
Daedalus broken
Daedalus falling
By the toothstones
His shapes bends
And makes s smiling bow
He careers and spiral down
Falls
He waves words of farewell
\"Oh, do not weep
All of this passing
To fail is human
To fall is human
To hope is human
Do not weep
As the sound disappears
As the rain falls
As the sky parts
As my tears fall
Do not weep
I shall wait for you\"
Daedalus broken
Daedalus falling
Do not wept
All this is passing..."
"2154" "For you it's very easy
For you to spread the blame
For you it's very easy
It's done in another's name
Holy water burns like acid
Incense subdues the sheep
You're as clean as the Virgin Mary
From your mouth the poison seeps
I used to think it was funny
But it's very sad
That so many can be fooled
By a poor man in drag
All you seek are confessions
Like you were a god
Giving rosary beads to the Irish
Giving tambourines to the Welsh
You're crippled by guilt
Like a blamed dog
She can't control her own body
She must give it to God
I used to think it was funny
But it's very sad
That so many can be fooled
By a poor man in drag"
"2155" "smashed to bits
in the peace of the night
he craved power
and, to keep in
he'd change his spots
or, shed his skin
(he craved power)
smashed to bits
in the peace of the night
the power in the hour
the art of the few
original and best
perpetuate nature
unending largesse
(she craves power)
in attempts to stultify me
your weakness - your ideology
smashed to bits
in the peace of the night
he craved power
and, to keep in
he'd change his spots
or, shed his skin
like yapping dogs
blind lead the blind
those who chain the future
are those time leaves behind
is glory now gone?
a friendship - worth of fiends
is a rose without thorns."
"2156" "Drink with the nectar
Of submission
I feel nothing more
Than existence
A loneliness
That will not
Come off
In the narcissism
Of the harbour
We are lost
Vaster then night
My pride
My Threat
My thrust
This is beyond very fond
All with beyond
Is this the final exorcism?
Of an obsession
In the obsession?
Swept clean of the past
And its errors
Shall we take new roads
We shall take new roads
Look. lost
Vast night
Tearing and loating
Thrashing without you
To the church of tomorrow
Death Is The Martyr Of Beauty
Look, kere is our runic wreath
Look here!"
"2157" "are you close to
or far from your conscience?
as the petals of life
decay
\"ignorance is bliss\"
the sad remiss
to the clarion call
of today
(see how it burns)
but, we struggle in wyrd with amusement
and, contempt for all that holds
sway
are you close to
or far from your conscience?
is the question I ask
today
(see how they run)
kameradschaft!
are you close to
or far from your conscience?
as their reason for life
fades away
petty beliefs - petty platitudes
all ring hollow day
are you close to
or far from your conscience?
as the blossom of life
drifts away
are you close to
or far from your conscience?
is the question I ask today
kameradschaft!
every angel knows
the congress of liberty
the sadness and smiles
of our memories
with this - we let go
our lady of the snows
kameradschaft!
are you close to
or far from your conscience?
as their meaning in life
dies away
are you close to
or far from your conscience?
the question I ask today
kameradschaft!"
"2158" "Wrap your face in prayers
The ones you sent in dust
And, know they never reach me
You know they never reach me
Every blemish helps endear?
In this earthbound axis
Of stifling air
The stifling air
In this golden wedding of sorrow
In this golden wedding
Blind and bleeding
Or, merely spent?
We returned to the source
To wait on our dream
And a function disappears
And a reason disappears
And a meaning disappears
All memories scream
In this golden wedding of sorrow
In this golden wedding
Black tears caress male things
But my caresses only sour things
At the dawn of the dusk of hope"
"2159" "Black angel, black angel
As you grow up
I want you to drink
From the plenty cup
My little black angel
My little black angel as years roll by
I want you to fly with wings held high
I want you to live by the justice code
I want you to burn down freedom's road
My little black angel
Oh lie away, oh lie away sleeping
Lie away safe in my arms
Your father, you future protects you
And locks you safe from all harm
Little black angel I feel so glad
You'll never have things I never had
When out of men's hearts all hate has gone
It's better to die than forever live on
My little black angel..."
"2160" ""
"2161" "this bondage
it has no charms
silence and evil weigh down my arms
we know our god
by the things he creates
life, beauty, but most of all hate
tell me your torment
on unholy ground
think of the times
life turned around
power has a fragnance
how kreepy it krawls
power has a fragnance
let loose wehrwolves
this bondage
it has no charms
silence and evil weigh down my arms
we know our gods
by the things they create
life, beauty, but most of all hate"
"2162" "where memories come
and, memories go
to the globe of darkness
turned a smoked window
into the eye
of my anger
at being dragged
into an arena
the november man
and, the winds around
observe this day
of crystal sound
aesthetics imposed
apologies surpassed
manoeuvring evenings
of broken glass
and, truthfully pay
and, truthfully stay
under the axe
of a burnt-out day
and, truthfully pay
and, truthfully stay
under the axe
of a burnt-out day..."
"2163" "Because of him
This world has hope again
Because of him
This world has got a friend
A friend that will eradicate
All life's false humanity
Helping one race, one creed
To meet their need
So that all may see
That it's all so wonderful to care
To love, to cull, to share
Oh, let us start today
To live and die the same way..."
"2164" "Something got hold of me
Oh, yes it did! I said
Something got hold of me
It ratttled around my head...
I went to a meeting last night
But, my heart wasn't right
Something got hold of me
Oh, yess it did! I said
Something got hold of me
It ratttled around my head
Early one morning
On the mourner's bench
My heart it was filled with misery
The same god that touched you one day
He laid his hand on me!"
"2165" "wasted, glorious dead
it has to come
all the dead are lost
you, me, everyone
our feelings, thoughts
ghosts couldn't see
we closed the doors
on eternity
walk amongst this haunted
crowd
life dictates!
life pulls down
life dictates!
it's books of brown
life dictates!
love pulls us down
a slaughter of roses
and a time to stop
a fuhrer, a butcher, a lover
a slaughter of roses
and, a time to crop
meat-free!
on fire!!!
our feelings, thoughts
ghosts couldn't see
we opened the doors
of emergency
wasted, glorious dead
it has to come
all the dead are lost
memories - everyone
all the dead are lost
you, me, everyone!"
"2166" ""
"2167" "I fall in love
for a moment
before I hit despair
I turn around to see you
another one is there
how the bells of the clock
how the bell do chime
that awful reminder
\"you never will be mine\""
"2168" "black sun dying
black sun rising
is this impure
is this impure?
shadow of locust
this is beast
shadow of locust
this is at least
the slow descent of autumn
into the butcher garden
black sun dying
black sun rising
is this impure
is this impure?
children, it's midnight
it's time, we've come
hand in hand
on earth, in hell
sick or well
we're bleeding - all over - the world
you and me
on land and sea
in life, in dreams
or, so it seems
new beginnings
new ends
it's obvious
it's him
the deafening
beautiful
silence...
of sin!"
"2169" "As pilgrims here - we sometimes journey,
To who knows what - to Christ knows what.
Come and sing this simple story
That God forgot - that life forgot.
Don't you know God is disabled,
Is disabled.
Clouds may gather all around you,
But he's disabled.
He's no friend to the friendless
And he's the mother of grief,
There's only sorrow for tomorrow
Surely, life is too brief,
Surely, love is too brief...
Don't you know god is disabled,
Is disabled.
Clouds may gather all around you
But he's disabled..."
"2170" "time has a numbing effect
I weep and, I have wept
to becomemore neutered
to become more blank
the fear of life
\"seeps from paradise\"
dark clouds come in
and, ask for more
frost flowers freeze
over frozen floors
their petals broken
ill-formed and stolen
delirious with knowledge
silver and golden
time has a numbing effect
I weep and, I have wept
the fear of life
\"seeps from paradise\"
the fear of life
\"seeps from paradise\"
dark clouds come in
and, ask for more
frost flowers freeze
over frozen pores
their petals broken
ill-formed and stolen
delirious with knowledge
silver and golden..."
"2171" ""
"2172" "the dawn is ours
if the dream is pure
who invites the world
to the final cure?
if it has to be
then? let it be now
light the odin incence
for the odin hour!
light the odin incence
for the odin hour!"
"2173" "When life is but disappointment
And nothing is amusing
The one wild hunt
For loneliness
Is a life without god
Is an end without love
Soulless today
And soulless tomorrow
We struggle for tthe joy
Oh, we struggle for tthe joy
That life is haunted by
Its memories - its meaninglessness
Yearn to be gathered, cracked and saved
A thought for a life time
A thought for a night time
But, what ends when the symbols shatter?
And, who knows what happens to hearts?
But, what ends when the symbols shatter?
And, who knows what happens to hearts?"
"2174" "Through the winter's woods
To the giddy edge of light
We shut the door on pain
Those tales are dead - dead forever
A wind must agree
To blow us on course
It can be quick to come
But, once it's gone - it's gone forever
Through the winter's woods
To the giddy edge of light
We are all in the vein
It is already too late
What do we winess?
What do we negate?
In this world of shadows
And sordid allusion
Through the winter's woods
To the giddy edge of light
All this arrogance and ignorance
Will be washed away
Craving for tomorrow
Craving for today
By association
I want, want everything
Through the winter's woods
To the giddy edge of light"
"2175" ""
"2176" "I'm alone
you're alone
the weary moon
from the night before
sinks into the pit
of dawn's gold door
the weary moon
it falls from view
the devil and I
will follow you
he's alone
she's alone
and, whilst you think you've known me
for a very, very long time
you never hate
you never will
be close to me
or, mine
you're alone
we're alone
they're alone
they are all alone
we're all alone
so alone
stone upon stone"
"2177" ""
"2178" ""
"2179" "even though we seem/ lost.
G / Em
our ghosts /gathering/, our ghosts /gathering
D / Em / D / Em
to take us hand in hand
G
to each of us our/ vices,
G / Em
but smugness in their /bones
D / Em
shall be grown to/ dust,/ grown to/ dust
D / Em / D / Em
birds of white/ feather,/ lie and cheat, but still,/together
A / C / D / A
But even though we seem/ lost.
G / Em
our ghosts /gathering/, our ghosts /gathering
D / Em / D / Em
to take us hand in hand
G
to each of us our/ vices,
G / Em
but smugness in their /bones
D / Em
shall be grown to/ dust,/ grown to/ dust
D / Em / d / Em
denial is cont/rol
A / C
the four winds, to dis/perse
D / A
part of, the here and/ now
A / C
where our, ghosts/ gather
D / A
where our ghosts/ gather
D / A
where are our ghosts
D
where are our ghosts
D
even though we seem/ lost.
G / Em
our ghosts /gathering/, our ghosts /gathering
D / Em / D / Em
to take us hand in hand
G
denial is cont/rol
A / C
the four winds, to dis/perse
D / A
part of, the here and/ now
A / C
where our, ghosts/ gather
D / A
where our ghosts/ gather
D / A
where are our ghosts
D
where are our ghosts
D
where are our ghosts
D
where are our ghosts
D"
"2180" "Goodbye to the port and brandy, to the vodka and the Stag,
To the Smithwicks and the Harp and the bottle, draught and keg.
As I sat lookin' up at the Guinness ad I could never figure out
How your man stayed up on the surfboard after 14 pints of stout.
I dreamt a dream the other night, jaysus I couldn't sleep a wink,
The rats were tryin' to count the sheep and I was tryin' to get off the drink.
There was footsteps in the parlour and voices on the stairs,
And I was climbin' up the walls and I was movin' round the chairs.
I looked out from under the blanket, and up at the fireplace,
There was the Pope and John F. Kennedy and Jack Charlton and the three of them were starin' in me face.
And suddenly it dawned at me, hey by God I think I'm getting the D.T.s,
When the Child o' Prague began to dance around the mantlepiece.
I went, goodbye to the port and brandy, to the vodka and the Stag,
To the Smithwicks and the Harp and the bottle, draught and keg.
As I sat lookin' up at the Guinness ad I could never figure out
How your man stayed up on the surfboard after 14 pints of stout.
Well I swore upon the bible that I'd never again touch a drop,
I tell ya my heart was palpitatin', I was sure it was going to stop.
And thinkin' I was dyin' I gave my soul to God to keep,
And ten pounds to St. Anthony to help me find some sleep.
I fell into an awful nightmare, and got a dreadful shock.
When I dreamt there was no duty-free in the airport down in Knock.
II dreamt Ian Paisley was sayin' the rosary and Mother Theresa was taking the pill.
And Frank Patterson was out of his head be God and he was singin' Spancil Hill.
Goodbye to the port and brandy, to the vodka and the Stag,
To the Smithwicks and the Harp and the bottle, draught and keg.
As I sat lookin' up at the Guinness ad I could never figure out
How your man stayed up on the surfboard after 14 pints of stout.
I dreamt I was in ecstacy in Heaven and agony in Hell, I was bored in limbo,
And then I was in purgatory as well.
And there was original sins and venial sins,
And mortal by the score.
So I tied barbed wired around my underpants and I flagilated myself on the floor.
Then I dreamt I was in the confessional box and the auld Bishop said to me, he said,
\"Any impure thoughts my child?\" - the fuckin' barbed wire was killing me!
And then I dreamt I was in the jacuzzi with that auld hoor in number 10,
And then I knew that I'd never ever, ever drink again.
I went, goodbye to the port and brandy, to the vodka and the Stag,
To the Smithwicks and the Harp and the bottle, draught and keg.
As I sat lookin' up at the Guinness ad I could never figure out
How your man stayed up on the surfboard after 14 pints of stout."
"2181" ""
"2182" "True you ride the finest horse I've ever seen
Standing 16 1\" or 2\" with eyes wild and green
And you ride the horse so well, hands light to the touch
I could never go with you no matter how I wanted to
Ride on, see you, I could never go with you
No matter how I wanted to
When you ride into the night without a trace behind
Run your claw along my gut one last time
I turn to face an empty space where once you used to lie
And look for a smile to light the night through a teardrop in my eye
Ride on, see you, I could never go with you
No matter how I wanted to"
"2183" "It was Christmas Eve, babe, in the drunk tank
An old man said, \"Son, I won't see another one\"
And then he sang a song, a rare old mountain tune
I turned my eyes away, and I thought about you
I got on a lucky one, came in at 18/1
I've got a feeling this year's for me and you
So Happy Christmas, I love you baby
There's going to be good times
When all our dreams come true.
They've got cars big as bars
They've got rivers of gold
But the wind blows right through you
It's no place for the old
When I first took your hand on a cold Christmas Eve
I told you that Broadway was waiting for me.
You were handsome and pretty, queen of New York city
When the band finished playing, the crowd howled for more
Sinatra was swinging, and the crowd they were singing
We kissed on the corner and danced round the floor.
CHORUS
And the boys from the New York police choir were singin' Galway Bay
And the bells were ringin' out on Christmas Day
I could have been someone and so could anyone
I took my dreams from you when I first met you
I kept them with me, babe, and put them with my own
I can't make it all alone
I've built my dreams around you.
You're a bum you're a punk you're an aul hoor on junk
Lyin' there on the drip nearly dead in the bed
You scumbag you maggot you cheap lousy faggot
Happy Christmas me arse, I would rather be dead...
CHORUS
I love you baby
I've got a feeling this year's for me and you
So Happy Christmas, I love you baby
There's going to be good times
When all our dreams come true."
"2184" ""
"2185" "Black is the colour of my true love's hair,
Her lips are like some roses fair,
She's the sweetest smile, And the gentlest hands,
I love the ground, Whereon she stands.
I love my love and well she knows,
I love the ground, whereon she goes,
I wish the day, it soon would come,
When she & I could be as one.
Black is the colour of my true love's hair,
Her lips are like some roses fair,
She's the sweetest smile, And the gentlest hands,
I love the ground, Whereon she stands.
I go to the Clyde and I mourn and weep,
For satisfied, I ne'er can be,
I write her a letter, just a few short lines,
And suffer death, a thousand times.
Black is the colour of my true love's hair,
Her lips are like some roses fair,
She's the sweetest smile, And the gentlest hands,
I love the ground, Whereon she stands."
"2186" ""
"2187" ""
"2188" ""
"2189" "In nineteen hundred and eighty six
There's not much for a chippie but swinging a pick
And you can't live on love, on love alone
So you sail cross the ocean, away cross the foam
To where you're a Paddy, a Biddy or a Mick
Good for nothing but stacking a brick
Your best mate's a spade and he carries a hod
Two work horses heavily shod
Oh I'm missing you
I'd give all for the price of a flight
Oh I'm missing you
Under Piccadilly's neon
Who did you murder, are you a spy?
I'm just fond of a drink helps me laugh, helps me cry
So I just drink red biddy for a permanent high
I laugh a lot less and I'll cry till I die
All ye young people now take my advice
Before crossing the ocean you'd better think twice
Cause you can't live without love, without love alone
The proof is round London in the nobody zone
Where the summer is fine, but the winter's a fridge
Wrapped up in old cardboard under Charing Cross Bridge
And I'll never go home now because of the shame
Of misfit's reflection in a shop window pane"
"2190" ""
"2191" ""
"2192" ""
"2193" ""
"2194" ""
"2195" ""
"2196" ""
"2197" ""
"2198" "It was one fine March morning, I bid New Orleans Adieu
And I took the road to Jackson Town, my fortune to renew
I cursed all foreign money, no credit could I gain
Which filled my heart with a longing for, the Lakes of Ponchartrain
I stepped on board of a railroad car beneath the morning sun
I rode the rods till evening and I laid me down again
All strangers there no friends to me 'til a dark girl towards me came
And I fell in love with the Creole Girl, by the Lakes of Ponchartrain
I said \"Me pretty Creole Girl, me money here's no good,
If it weren't for the alligators, I'd sleep out there in the wood\"
\"You're welcome here kind stranger, from such sad thoughts refrain\"
\"For me Mammy welcomes strangers, by the Lakes of Ponchartrain\"
She took me into her mammy's house and treated me right well
The hair upon her shoulders in jet black ringlets fell
To try and paint here beauty, I'm sure i't would be in vain
So handsome was my Creole girl by the Lakes of Ponchartrain
I asked her if she'd marry me, she said that ne'er could be
For she had got a lover and he was far at sea
She said that she would wait for him and true she would remain
Till he'd return to his Creole girl, on the Lakes of Ponchartrain
It's fare thee well, me Creole girl, I'll never see you more
I'll never forget your kindness in the cottage by the shore
And at each social gathering, a flowing bowl I'll drain
And I'll drink a health to my Creole girl, by the Lakes of Ponchartrain"
"2199" ""
"2200" ""
"2201" ""
"2202" ""
"2203" ""
"2204" ""
"2205" ""
"2206" "I am a sailor, you're my first mate
We signed on together, we coupled our fate
Hauled up our anchor, determined not to fail
For the hearts treasure, together we set sail
With no maps to guide us we steered our own course
Rode out the storms when the winds were gale force
Sat out the doldrums in patience and hope
Working together we learned how to cope
Chorus:
Life is an ocean and love is a boat
In troubled water that keeps us afloat
When we started the voyage, there was just me and you
Now gathered round us, we have our own crew
Together we're in this relationship
We built it with care to last the whole trip
Our true destination's not marked on any charts
We're navigating to the shores of the heart
Chorus 2x"
"2207" "I'm goin' to saddle up me old grey mare,
I'm goin' to ride through the night,
Without a worry or a care.
I'm a messenger boy, bringing my love to you.
I see the light in the bedroom,
I pray to God that I didn't come too soon.
Two big dogs and a man shouts \"Who goes there ?\"
I've ridden through the cold and the wind and the rain and the frost,
And the snow and I'm love and I do not feel the pain.
I'm a messenger boy, bringing my love to you.
(Fade out / ad lib vocals etc)
(gd/naas)"
"2208" "Beauty picks me up than throws me to the floor
I may never know what i was searching for,
like a begger on my knees, never knowing what i now believe
like a drug I took the walk back to your door,
I had had enough but I always want more
there was something I was needing..........
Something you were keeping.......
and than with the rest of my days before me
I broke down and fell asleep
to your beating heart , your beating heart, your beating heart
In the worst of all the best times we have shared,
through a sea of every now forgotten tear,
you would look me in the eye so afraid to ask me,\" why?\"
but i knew you were the star that shines for me,
and i had already planned to set us free,
and in the black of the night i would ask you to be mine."
"2209" "riving in a trance through your lost and lonely town
Something in the air that could blow your whole house down
Something like a tragedy
Something that you think you need
Turning on a dime you pull into your local store
Aisles going by and you forget what you're looking for
Maybe it's a pot of gold
Maybe you're too lost to know
Maybe what you need is a different kind of love
One that you have never seen
Maybe all you are is a part of a star on a long journey
Maybe what you need is a better kind of love
One that you could only dream
Maybe it will take all the sorrow away
And let you feel free
Nothing like a storm in your heart to wake you up
Someone by your side and you know they're not enough
Maybe you should try and stay
Maybe you should walk away
Maybe what you need is a different kind of love
One that you have never seen
Maybe all you are is a part of a star on a long journey
Maybe what you need is a better kind of love
One that you could only dream
Maybe it will take all the sorrow away
And let you feel free
Maybe you wake up to a brighter sun
Voices in your head screaming now the change has come
With a different kind of love
Maybe what you need is a different kind of love
One that you have never seen
Maybe all you are is a part of a star on a long journey
Maybe what you need is a different kind of love
Maybe all you are is a part of a star on a long journey
Maybe what you need is a better kind of love
Maybe it will take all the sorrow away and let you feel free"
"2210" "Woke up early from my bed
With a secret in my head
In the back of my backyard
I keep a spaceship in the shed
I lit the engine and took the sky
From up here it looks so nice
I didn't stop until the moon, where I
Picked a flower just for you
[Chorus]
And I fell down to you in a parachute of
Newspaper rubber bands, tape, and glue
So you would see I would do anything for you
Anything for you
I didn't want to wake you up,
So I put the flower in a cup
On the floor next to your bed
Without a sound I laid my head
Drifted off into a dream
Of what has been and what could be
I saw your tears, I saw you fall
But I saw us rise, I saw it all
And I fell down to you in a parachute of
Newspaper rubber bands, tape, and glue
So you would see that I would do anything for you
Anything for you
And I never want you to know
All of the lengths I'll go
To find where the flowers grow
Love is never supposed to be
A present under our tree
I do it because I believe
[Chorus]
I fell down to you in a parachute of
Newspaper rubber bands, tape, and glue
So you would see that I would do anything for you
Anything for you
Anything for you"
"2211" "Deep is the water under my bridge,
Flowing
Short is the lifetime that I've lived,
Knowing
Messing up and starting over
Again
Maybe all the breaks
And the young mistakes
Were supposed to carry me here
This time I gotta get it right gotta get it right
Now gotta get it right this time
Lord knows I've let myself down too many times, many times yea
This time I gotta get it right gotta get it right
Now gotta get it right this time
My life is passing me by gotta take a deep breath,
And get it right
Looking for answers what have I missed, someone
I want to be so much better than this, in the long run
Stepping forward and falling backwards again
When I get
The breaks
Will the young
Mistakes be the ones to carry me on
This time I gotta get it right gotta get it right
Now gotta get it right this time
Lord knows I've let myself down too many times, many times
This time I gotta get it right gotta get it right
Now gotta get it right this time
My life is passing me by gotta take a deep breath
And get it right
I know I'll get there, things will get better
Better with every day
And what lies behind me, will not define me.
I tell myself nothing can stop me now
This time I gotta get it right gotta get it right
Now gotta get it right this time
My life is passing me by gotta take a deep breath
This time I gotta get it right gotta get it right now
Gotta get it right this time
Lord knows I've let myself down too many times, many times
This time I gotta get it right gotta get it right
Now gotta get it right this time
My life is passing me by gotta take a deep breath, and get it right
And get it right"
"2212" "Weve come closer than we wanted, weve seen what we never should
And we will not be the same. Well never be the same, no.
Like steel we are so resilient, but too much and were weak as children.
We were not meant to be made witness to these scenes, no.
Gunshots in a broken palace, planes crashing and burn around us
Its different than it ever was, darker than its ever been
Three shouts and thank God I found you
With the crowd and the fog around you Ill never let you fall, Ill never let you fall
Oh Heaven can you hear us
Right now we are not sure
But I hope it will get better
These times were in together, theyre changing us forever
Two kids in a crooked alley, school canceled again
And now they wont learn a single lesson except how to load a weapon
And right here on this old soil we hope for peace and we pray for joy
But like everybody else were still fighting with ourselves
Oh heaven can you hear us
Right now we are not sure
But I hope it will get better
These times were in together, theyre changing us forever
Oh heaven can you hear us
Right now we are not sure
I hope it will get better
These times were in together, theyre changing us forever
Oh heaven can you hear us
Right now we are not sure
But I hope it will get better
These times were in together, theyre changing us forever"
"2213" "I'm smarter than your average Jonathan or Joe
I could fill a hundred suitcases with everything I know
But I am stupid for your love
Aurora borealis makes perfect sense to me,
Its light particles and magnets
I'm smart enough to see
But I am stupid for your love
I still remember 30 numbers after 3.14 pi.
Don't ask me why...
And with a Rubix cube I'll make a fool of
Anyone who tries to beat my time
But I am stupid for your love
I know I am so stupid for your love
I love to read the classics
They're not too long for me,
I read 'em in one sitting
Like I did with War and Peace
But I am stupid for your love
And I got a lot of street smarts
From years of looking out,
I've seen the biggest cities
And I know what they're about
But I am stupid for your love
I still remember 30 numbers after 3.14?
Don't ask me why
And with a Rubix cube I'll make a fool of
Anyone who tries to beat my time
But I am stupid for your love
I am stupid for your love [4x]"
"2214" "She is packing in slow motion the sun is coming up
I am sitting in the next room staring in my coffee cup
Now we are driving down the shoreline, this car is cut in two
I am quiet, she is humming, When the stars go blue
And pulling up to J.F.K.
There really isn't much to say
[Chorus]
Don't tell me you'll write me, don't tell me you'll call
Just tell me you'll see me in the fall
Don't give me a promise you know you'll never keep
Go and find it all and I'll see you in the fall
Now I'm back at our apartment and nothing feels the same
Her coat is gone, her toothbrush is missing,
All the flowers start to fade
And September feels so far away
[Chorus]
Let you fly away from me, fate will bring you back to me
And darling that's all we have
Don't write don't call I'll see you in the fall
Don't write don't call I'll see you in the fall"
"2215" "So we boarded up the windows
And we've taken down the lights
From the streets, I hear the echoes
Yeah, we're leaving town tonight
We don't need no medication
We've got all our vital signs
All this noise and light pollution
I just wanna see the stars tonight
We're gonna walk out of this city
Leaving everything behind
We can sleep the days
And cover ground at night
Until we find that emerald sky
Now there's plastic in the valley
There's still heartache in the ghetto
I need to talk to someone face to face
This place, no, it doesn't feel like home
We don't need no medication
We've got all our vital signs
All this noise and light pollution
I just wanna see the stars tonight
We're gonna walk out of this city
Leaving everything behind
We can sleep the days
And cover ground at night
Until we find that emerald sky
I'm gonna find that place that we forgot
Where I don't care about the money you've got
Where I don't need much 'cause it don't take a lot
We're gonna go
We're gonna walk out of this city
Leaving everything behind
We can sleep the days
And cover ground at night
Until we find that emerald sky
We're gonna walk out of this city
Leaving everything behind
We can sleep the days
And cover ground at night
I hope we find that emerald sky
Look up, look down, oh
From the heaven to the ground
Look up, look down, oh
From the heaven to the ground
Look up, look down, oh
From the heaven to the ground
Look up, look down, oh
From the heaven to the ground, oh"
"2216" "Oh oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh oh
Leave your worries,
Leave your fears,
Leave the doubt you're holding dear
Leave them there love, by the door,
They're no good anymore
Tell your friends you'll see them later,
Tell your family they can wait your
Only young once and only dream of
The day that love will steal you away
So run with me down these midnight streets, we will take
Nothing for granted, nothing for granted
Come with me life is short and sweet, we will take
Nothing for granted, nothing for granted
Stop the seasons drifting by,
Stop believing there's no time
Stop your heart from closing off, I think you deserve it all
Love your future,
Love your past,
Love your body it's all you have
Love your secrets bottled up, but love them more when you give them up
And run with me down these midnight streets, we will take
Nothing for granted, nothing for granted
Come with me life is short and sweet, we will take
Nothing for granted, nothing for granted
You gotta get outta your mind,
There's so many wonders to find
There's so many words they could write across your early grave
So come on and open your eyes, I will be right by your side
And we will see love lies in everything
Run with me down these midnight streets, we will take
Nothing for granted, nothing for granted
Nothing for granted, nothing for granted
Come with me life is short and sweet, oh
Nothing for granted, nothing for granted"
"2217" "On the edge of a moment,
In the land that we love,
In the time that our best has to be good enough,
Like all those before us, we start out alone,
We race from our schoolyards, into the unknown
City lights, as far as the eye can see,
You and I, we will live differently
Well my hearts in my hands,
Like loaded guns,
We're taking a chance,
We're the lucky ones,
This moment is yours,
This moment is mine,
And we're gonna be fine,
Oh oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh oh
Searching for love,
Counting steps as we go,
Our parents they taught us there's no way to know,
I still hear their voices in the back of my head,
Saying, You'll do better than we ever did
City lights, as far as the eye can see,
You and I, we'll do it differently
Well my hearts in my hands,
Like loaded guns,
We're taking a chance,
We're the lucky ones,
This moment is yours,
This moment is mine,
And we're gonna be fine,
Oh oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh oh
(We're gonna be fine)
Oh oh oh oh oh
City lights,
Stretching from sea to sea,
You and I,
It was meant to be,
Meant to be
Yeah
Well our hearts in our hands,
Like loaded guns,
We're taking a chance,
We're the lucky ones,
This moment is yours,
This moment is mine,
And we're gonna be fine yeah,
We're gonna be fine yeah yeah oh,
This moment is yours,
This moment is mine oh,
And we're gonna be fine,
Oh oh oh oh oh
We're gonna be fine,
Oh oh oh oh oh
We're gonna be fine,
Oh oh oh oh oh
We're gonna be fine,
Oh oh oh oh oh"
"2218" "You see the struggle on my face,
You see it storming in my eye
You see it heavy on my shoulder,
You see me swaying on the line
Bring on the troubles of the morning
And the stories of my life
Look up above the clouds are forming
And I'm not gonna hide
Let it rain on me,
Let my shelter crumble down
Take it all away,
Don't need no one to save me now
I'm gonna let my body drown
And keep my head above the water
Let it rain on me, let it rain on me
I'm not getting any younger,
I took the longer road
But I know it's made me stronger
Out here on my own
Bring on the troubles of the morning
And the stories of my life
Look up above the clouds are forming
And I'm not gonna hide
Let it rain on me,
Let my shelter crumble down
Take it all away,
Don't need no one to save me now
I'm gonna let my body drown and keep my head above the water
Let it rain on me, let it rain on me
And like a single ray of light
It can pierce the darkest night
I was meant to make it through
So let the future crash on me
And let the water set me free
Nobody wins before they lose
Let it rain on me,
Let my shelter crumble down
Take it all away,
Don't need no one to save me now
I'm gonna let my body drown and keep my head above the water
Let it rain on me, let it rain on me
Oh let it rain on me,
Oh let it rain on me,
Let it rain on me
Let it rain on me
Let it rain on me on me
Whoa let it rain on me"
"2219" "I sing for you, your broken hearted
I sing for everything to go back where it started
Oh Oh Ohhhhhhhh
Life is love and both have got you blinded
There's no rest for the few who want it all
And I know you've got it in you
The fire burning inside
Fate, she's really testing you this time
I sing for you, your broken hearted
I sing for everything to go back where it started
You've lost the way, you started drifting
You look ahead and all you see is heavy lifting
I sing for you I sing for you I sing for you I sing for you
One tree falls for the times you never get back
Two suns rise for the days that lie ahead
And you'll never be alone here
There's always somebody else
And they know how it feels to cry for help
I sing for you, your broken hearted
I sing for everything to go back where it started
You've lost the way, you started drifting
You look ahead and all you see is heavy lifting
I sing for you I sing for you I sing for you I sing for you
Oh oh ohhhh
Sing it like you mean it sing it like you mean it
Oh Oh Ohhhhhhh
Oh sing it like you mean it sing it like you mean it
Starring in the mirror talking to myself
Saying everyone's the same as everybody else
Scream, what you gonna do and how you gonna fix this
Time to get over yourself
I sing for you, your broken hearted
I sing for everything to go back where it started
You've lost the way, you started drifting
You look ahead and all you see is heavy lifting
I sing for you
You've lost the way, you started drifting
You look ahead and all you see is heavy lifting
I sing for you I sing for you I sing for you I sing for you
I sing for me"
"2220" "Taking my camera out again for some photographs I won't forget
I go for a walk along east bay
It's so beautiful today
Happiness hanging in the air
And it's only real when shared
Remember the night at the gallery
The back of the roon and she smiled at me
I knew right away I could never be lone,
How could I be lonely
I always wanna feel like I do in Charleston
I tell you thats the way that life should be
I always wanna love like I love in Charleston
Oh how I love you Charleston
Your secret's safe with me
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na
Counting the cobblestones and bricks
That the fathers built the city with
I might be a Yankee born and raised
But it's here I wanna spend my days
A sandwich a pose and a bunch of friends
The fourth of July, out on Sullivan
I gotta get back to a place so real, it's so real
I always wanna feel like I do in Charleston
I tell you thats the way that life should be
I always wanna love like I love in Charleston
Oh how I love you Charleston
Your secret's safe with me
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na
Got rid of the old bridge and put in a new bridge
Everyone knows that things must change
We know what we were and we know what we can be
Change is slow this I know
I always wanna feel like I do in Charleston
I tell you thats the way that life should be
I always wanna love like I love in Charleston
Oh how I love you Charleston
Your secret's safe with me
Na na na na na na na na
Your secrets safe with me
Na na na na na na na na
Your secret's safe with me"
"2221" "Running like hell through the trees,
No one pressuring me
Younger days
Getting out after school
Playing a bunch of fools
Younger days
I see the sunset I see the stars
I see the future oh my god like a train approaching
It's coming for me
Slipping my Jordans on
Playing some one on one
Younger days
Telling my sister I hate her
Knowing I'd never trade her
Younger days
I see the sunset I see the stars
I see the future oh my god like a train approaching
It's coming for me
Oh these younger days
I'll take to my grave
For carving me out of a stone
Oh these younger days
I'll never replace
Oh if only I'd known
Hearing my fathers joys
Cracking my mothers voice
Younger voice
Filling my pockets with paper
Smoking em deep in the woods
Younger days
I see the sunset I see the stars
I see the future oh my god like a train approaching
It's coming for me
Oh these younger days
I'll take to my grave
For carving me out of a stone
Oh these younger days
I'll never replace
Oh if only I'd known
I see the sunset I see the stars
I see the future
Ohhh my god"
"2222" "black blue yellow white, red striped, scared and bruised.
old young, week strong, over confident, confused.
he can run, she can jump, they can sing higher than you.
make you hurt, make you cry, make you forget the truth.
never gonna get it for yourself, if you keep your eyes on someone ells.
nobody started from, the place that you started from, nobody hopes to go, were your hoping to go and, nobody out there wants to laughf love?, you do.
'Cause none of them are you.
none of them are you."
"2223" "You saw the truth and it made you sad
You saw a life that you know you never had
And your frozen blood started warming up again
Love was lost in the indecision
Pacified by your television
And you hope the chance remains to live with a beating heart again
And heaven knows I'm on your side
The world is on the streets tonight
Calling for a sacrafice
Like all we ever had was nothing
Like all we ever were was right
The world is on the streets tonight
Nevermind what you never had
Never trust what's afraid to trust you back
It's a sordid race we run under one relentless sun
Like a spark in a dying engine
Beaten down for your good intentions
You are the face of what's to come
More than any single one
And heaven knows I'm on your side
The world is on the streets tonight
Calling for a sacrafice
Like all we ever had was nothing
Like all we ever were was right
The world is on the streets tonight
Every love is on the line
Everybody's feeling something
Don't you wanna feel alive?
The world is on the streets tonight"
"2224" "Hey, what's on your mind?
What's got you down this time?
Please, don't hide your tears
I've seen you sad before, my dear
I'm here for you (x3)
Here for you (x3)
Pulling you through
Because I want to
I'm here for you
Said let's talk it out
Tell me what happened
I'm with you now
Come on, can't you look at me?
I'll help you through this
It's not easy
I'm here for you (x3)
Here for you (x4)
Pulling you through
Because I want to"
"2225" ""
"2226" "Went to a party just the other day with all of you
Fresh off the road and pretty tired
Didn't have to worry cause the ice is always broken
As we catch each others eyes across the fire
Had a couple of drinks and a conversation
About what's going on beneath the surface
Told you how hard it was and I know you really listen
And you make me see it's all worth it
And once again it feels so good to be with friends like you
You are the ones
You are the reason I'm not scared to step into the fight
You are the soul you are the hope
You are the carriers of the light
I'd never write a song this true
Never be me without you
Walked down the hall past the kitchen with the slate blue walls
More going on than meets the eye
Things were transforming
There was smoked and I passed through it
When it cleared I could hear the dance music
The dance music the dance music
You are the ones
You are the reason I'm not scared to step into the fight
You are the soul you are the hope
You are the carriers of the light
I'd never write a song this true
Never be me without you
You are you are you are carrying the light
You are you are you are carrying carrying
You are the ones
You are the reason I'm not scared to step into the fight
You are the soul you are the hope
You are the carriers of the light
Youuu yooouuu
I'd never write a song this true
Never be me without you"
"2227" "My biggest fear is I'll let people down and then maybe they'll think less of me
Especially you, you're the jewel in my crown and I don't wanna mess this up
Am I a good enough lover, good enough friend good enough at giving you what you need
Will someone else come along with a much better song and a smile that you wanna trust
You say, \"Whatever\"
You say, \"Who cares?\"
You say, \"Baby there's no, there there\"
You say, \"I can\"
You say, \"I'm gonna, I can do anything I wanna\"
Nothin' but love, even when you can't see it
Nothin' but love, even when you can't see it
Nothin' but love, even when you can't see it
She says \"Look at me, just look at me\"
Nothin' but love, even when you can't see it
Nothin' but love, even when you can't see it
Nothin' but love, even when you can't see it
She says \"Look at me, just look at me\"
My life was a stop light, didn't know it turned green, you still didn't honk at me
You waved and I waved and we went on our way, and I knew you were just my type
And now we're under the gun in another recession, are we gonna be alright?
You say, \"We can\"
You say, \"We're gonna, we can do anything we wanna\"
Nothing but love, even when you can't see it
Nothing but love, even when you can't see it
Nothing but love, even when you can't see it
She says \"Look at me, just look at me\"
Nothing but love, even when you can't see it
Nothing but love, even when you can't see it
Nothing but love, even when you can't see it
She says \"Look at me, just look at me\"
I was down, but I will get back up, yes I'm feeling your love
I was down, but I will get back up, yes I'm feeling your love
I was down, but I will get back up, yes I'm feeling your love
I was down, but I will get back up, yes I'm feeling, feeling
Nothin' but love
Nothin' but love
Nothin' but love
Nothin' but love
I was down, but I will get back up, yes I'm feeling your love
Nothin' but love
I was down, but I will get back up, yes I'm feeling your love
Nothin' but love
I was down, but I will get back up, yes I'm feeling your love
Nothin' but love
I was down, but I will get back up, yes I'm feeling your love
I was down, but I will get back up, yes I'm feeling your love"
"2228" "Zeppelin never left her
Never died or second guessed her, painted on her body
The stars would never hurt her
Never lie, never desert her
Painted on her body
She prayed to God when she was young
After the storm a calm would come above her
I thought that I could be the one to part the clouds before the sun above her
Green reminds me
Of everything we did it blinds me
It rushes through my head it finds me
Close to you again
Green reminds me
Of everything we said it blinds me
It rushes through my head it finds me
Close to you again
Mother moves to town again
Holds her upside down again said it's nice to see her
Brendan now you??ve got to come she??s where I get my smile from
I??d like for you to meet her
Now Andrea was paint and pride a step behind oh how she tried
I loved her
And all she wore from head to floor was shades of green from our store
I loved her oh oh oh
Green reminds me
Of everything we did it blinds me
It rushes through my head it finds me
Close to you again
Green reminds me
Of everything we said it blinds me
It rushes through my head it finds me
Close to you again
And oh, oh, oh, all for me she cried
And oh, oh, oh, all for love
In retrospect wish I
Could have said three words that night
All me, all me, all me
Now, green reminds me
Of everything we did it blinds me
It rushes through my head it finds me
Close to you
Green reminds me
Of everything we did it blinds me
It rushes through my head it finds me
Close to you again"
"2229" "Blow, silver wind, with a whoop from the mountains,
Strike up a tune in the ropes and the rig!
Blow, lucky breeze, come kiss the white canvas,
the anchors are up, boys, it's time for a swig.
No don't turn your backs, boys, let's face the land squarely,
watching her glimmer away in the mists.
We gave her our guts, but she fed us just barely.
We'll go where there's use for our backs and our fists!
Blow, silver wind, with a sight from the mountains.
Whisper a word from the hills and the streams.
Blow, wind of sorrow, hasten the hour.
Let us be gone now. There's no time for dreams.
No, don't turn around. Pray the wind will keep blowing.
There is no returning so don't look behind.
What we have lost there is no way of knowing.
No way of knowing what we shall find...
Blow, silver wind, with a song from the mountains!
Wish us God speed with a cheer from afar!
Blow, wind of hope, for your children departing.
We know what you gave us. We know who we are.
So look alive all! Feel the old ship is straining,
already she's wetting her nose in the brine.
So, look to the East where the old land is waning,
and look to the West where the new land shall shine...."
"2230" "A man came ridin' oot the west one wild and stormy day
He was quiet lean and hungry, his eyes were smoky grey
He was lean across the hurdies but his shooders they were big
The terror o' the Hielan glens, that was The Portree Kid
(chorus)
He drum ho, he drum hey
The teuchter that cam frae Skye
(chorus)
His sidekick was an orra' man and oh but he was mean
He was ca'd The Midnight Plough-Boy and he cam fae Aberdeen
He had twenty seven notches on his cromack so they say
And killed a million Indians, way up in Stornoway
Portree booted in the door, he sauntered tae the bar
He poured a shot o' crabbies, he shouted \"Slainte Mhath\"
While midnight was being chatted up by a bar room girl called Pam
Who said well howdy stranger, would you buy's a babycham
Now over in the corner sat three men fae Auchtertool
They were playing games for money, in a snakes and ladders school
The fourth man was a southerner who'd come up from Macmerry
He'd been a river gambler, on the Ballachulish Ferry
(chorus)
Portree walked tae the table and he shouted shake me in
He shoogled on the eggcup, he gave the dice a spin
He threw seven sixes in a row and the game was nearly done
But then he landed on a snake, and finished on square one
The game was nearly over and Portree was daein fine
He'd landed on a ladder, he was up tae forty nine
He only had but one to go and the other man was beat
But the gambler couped the board off, and shouted you're a cheat
Men dived behind the rubber plants to try and save their skins
The accordionist stopped playing, his sidekick dropped the spoons
He says I think its funny, you've been up that ladder twice
And ye a'ways dunt the table, when I go to throw my dice
(chorus)
The gambler drew his Sgian Dubh as fast as lightning speed
Portree grabbed a screwtop, he cracked him o'er the heid
Then he gave him laldy wi' a salmon off the wall
And he finished off the business, wi' his lucky grousefoot's claw
Portree walked up tae the bar, he says I'll hae a half
And d'ye like the way I stuck it on that wee Macmerry nyaff
But the Southerner crept up behind his features wracked wi' pain
And gubbed him wi' an ashtray, made oot o' a curling stane
The fight went raging on all night till opening time next day
Wi' a break for soup and stovies aff a coronation tray
It was getting kind o' obvious, that neither man would win
When came the shout that stopped it all, there's a bus trip comin' in
(chorus)
They sing this song in Galashiels and up by Peterheid
Way down o'er the border, across the Rio Tweed
But what became o' Portree, Midnight and the gamblin' man,
They opened up a gift shop selling fresh air in a can
(chorus)
Frae Skye
Frae Skye
Frae Skye
Frae Skye"
"2231" "Chorus:
Westering home and a song in the air
Light in the eye and its goodbye to care
Laughter o' love and a welcoming there
Isle o' my heart my own one
Tell me o' lands o' the Orient gay
Speak o' the riches and joys o' Cathay
Aye but its grand to be wakin' each day
To find yourself nearer to Islay
(Chorus>
Where are the folk like the folk o' the West
Canty and couthy and kindly the best (cheerful and pleasant)
There I would hie me and there I would rest (hide)
At hame wi' my ain folk in Islay (home with my own)
(chorus
repeat)"
"2232" "I once loved a lass
I loved her sae weel
I hated all others who spoke of her ill
But now she's rewarded me well for my love
For she's gone to be wed to another
I saw my love to the church go
With bridesgroom and bridesmaidens they made a fine show
And I followed on with my heart full of woe
She was gone to be wed to another
I saw my love sit down to dine
As I sat down beside her I poured out the wine
I drank to the lassie that should have been mine
Even though she'd been wed to another
The men o' the forest
They ask it o' me
How many strawberries grow in the south sea?
I answer them a' with a tear in my ee'
How many ships sail in the forest"
"2233" "Lock the door Lariston
Lion O' Liddesdale
Lock the door Lariston
Lowther comes on
The Armstrongs are flyin'
The widows are cryin'
Castletown is burnin' and Oliver is gone
Lock the door Lariston
High on the weather gleams
See how the Saxon plumes
They bon on the sky
Yeoman and carbinere	(cavalryman and rifleman)
Billman and halberdiere	(axeman and spearman)
Fierce is the battle and far is the cry
Bewcastle brandishes his broad scimitar
Ridley is riding his fleet-footed grey
Hidley and Howard there
Wandel O' Windermere
Lock the door Lariston
Hold them at bay
Why dae ye smile noble Elliot O'Lariston (do you)
Why does the joy candle gleem in your eye?
You hold border ranger
Beware o' your danger
Your foes are relentless
Determined and nigh
I hae Mangerton and Ogilvie	(have)Raeburn and NetherbyOld Sym O'Whitram and a' his array (all)Come all NorthumberlandTeesdale and CumberlandHere at the Brechin TowerEnd the affray
See how they wane the proud file 'o the Windermere (wind)
Howard a woe tae yer hopes o' the day (to your hopes of)
Hear the rude welkin' rend	(withering)
While the Scots' shouts ascend
Elliot O'Lasriston! Elliot for aye!
(always/ever)"
"2234" "When will we see your like again
That fought and died for
Your wee bit hill and glen
ohhh yaaaa
And stood against him
Proud Edward's army
And sent him homeward
To think again
The hills are bare now
And autumn leaves lie thick and still
O'er land that is lost now
Which those so dearly held
That stood against him
Proud Edward's army
And sent him homeward
To think again
Those days are past now
And in the past they must remain
But we can still rise now
And be the nation again
That stood against him
Proud Edward's army
And sent him homeward
To think again."
"2235" "Scots what ha'e wi' Wallace bled	(who have with)
Scots wham Bruce has aften led	(whom Bruce has often)
Welcome tae yer gory bed
Or to victory
Now's the day and now' the hour
See the front o' battle lour
See approach proud Edward's power
Chains and slavery
Wha will be a traitor knave?	(who)
Wha can fill a coward's grave?
Wha sae base as be a slave?	(so)
Let him turn and flee
Wha for Scotland's King and Law
Freedom's sword will strongly draw
Freeman stand or Freeman fa'	(fall)
Let him follow me
By oppression's woes and pains
By our sons in servile chains
We will drain oor dearest veins
But they shall be free.
Lay the proud usurpers low
Tyrants fall in every foe
Liberty's in every blow
Let us do or die
Scots wha ha'e with Wallace bled
Scots wham Bruce has aften led
Welcome to your gory bed
Or to victory"
"2236" "My brother bill is a fireman bold;
He puts out fires.
He's only twenty-four years old;
He puts out fires.
He went to fight a fire one night
When somebody shouted DYNAMITE!
Wherever he is he'll be alright;
He puts out fires."
"2237" "Speed bonnie boat like a bird on the wing
Onward the sailors cry.
Carry the lad that's born to be king
Over the sea to Skye
Loud the wind howls
loud the waves roar
Thunderclaps rend the air
Baffled our foes
stand by the shore
Follow they will not dare
Speed bonnie boat like a bird on the wing
Onward the sailors cry.
Carry the lad that's born to be king
Over the sea to Skye
Many's the lad fought on that day
Well the claymore did wield
When the night came
silently lain
Dead on Culloden field
Speed bonnie boat like a bird on the wing
Onward the sailors cry.
Carry the lad that's born to be king
Over the sea to Skye
Though the waves heave
soft will ye sleep
Ocean's a royal bed
Rocked in the deep
Flora will keep
Watch by your weary head
Speed bonnie boat like a bird on the wing
Onward the sailors cry.
Carry the lad that's born to be king
Over the sea to Skye"
"2238" "Notes: The song is a lament for a lost love
killed in battle. He will now take the \"low road\", or the spiritual road, back home to Scotland,
while Moira (his love) stays on the \"high road\" or the earthbound road.
This concept is based on a Celtic myth that stated
when a Scotsmen died in a foreign land, they took the low road back home.
They will never meet again in this life
but they will
some day meet again
far above the bonnie banks of Loch lomond.
O wither away my bonnie May(which direction) Sae late an' sae far in the gloamin' (so far) (Gloaming = dusk/twilight) The mist gathers grey o'er moorland and brae (hill) O wither sae far are ye roamin'?
Chorus:
O ye'll tak the high road an' I'll tak the low I'll be in Scotland afore ye For me and my true love will never meet again By the bonnie bonnie banks o' Loch Lomond
I trusted my ain love last night in the broom (own) (bush) My Donald wha' loves me sae dearly For the morrow he will march for Edinburgh toon (town) Tae fecht for his King and Prince Charlie (to fight)
O well may I weep for yestreen in my sleep (yesterday), we stood bride and bridegroom together. But his arms and his breath were as cold as the death And his heart's blood ran red in the heather
(Chorus)
As dauntless in battle as tender in love He'd yield ne'er a foor toe the foeman (enemy) But never again frae the field o' the slain (from) Tae his Moira will he come by Loch Lomond
The thistle may bloom, the King hae his ain (have his own) And fond lovers may meet in the gloamin' And me and my true love will yet meet again Far above the bonnie banks of Loch Lomond
(Chorus)"
"2239" "I'll sing you my October song
There is no song before it
The words and tune are not my own
My joy and sorrow bore it
Beside the sea
the brambly brier
In the still of evening
Birds fly out from behind the sun
And with them I'll be leaving
The fallen leaves bejewel the ground
They know the art of dying
And leave with joy their glad gold hearts
In scarlet shadows lying
When hunger calls my weary footsteps home
The morning follows after
I swim the seas within my mind
The pine trees laugh green laughter
I met a man who's name was time
He said \"I must be going\"
But just how long ago that was
I have no way of knowing
Sometimes I could murder time
When my heart is aching
But mostly I just like to stroll along
The path that he is taking"
"2240" "O the summer time has come
And the trees are sweetly bloomin'
And the wild mountain thyme
Grows around the bloomin' heather
Will ye go
lassie
go?
Chorus:
And we'll all go together
To pull wild mountain thyme
All around the bloomin' heather
Will ye go
lassie
go?
I will build my love a bower (summerhouse)
By yon cool crystal fountain
And round it I will pile
All the wild flowers o' the mountain
Will ye go
lassie
go?
(chorus)
I will range through the wilds
And the deep glen sae dreamy
And return wi' their spoils
Tae the bower o' my dearie
Will ye go
lassie
go?
(chorus)
If my true love she'll not come
Then I'll surely find another
To pull wild mountain thyme
All around the bloomin' heather
Will ye go
lassie
go?
(chorus)"
"2241" "Dear sir I write this note to you to tell you of my plight.
For at the time of writing it I'm not a pretty sight.
My body is all black & blue, my face a deathly grey.
And I write this note to say why I am not at work today.
While working on the 14th floor some bricks I had to clear.
But tossing them down from such a height was not a good idea.
The foreman wasn't very pleased, he is an awkward sod.
And he said I had to cart them down the ladders in me hod.
Well clearing all these bricks by hand, it was so very slow.
So I hoisted up a barrel and secured a rope below.
But in my haste to do the job, I was too blind to see.
That a barrel full of building bricks was heavier than me.
And so when I untied the rope the barrel fell like lead.
And clinging tightly to the rope I started up instead .
I shot up like a rocket and to my dismay I found.
That half way up I met the bloody barrel coming down.
The barrel broke my sholder as to the ground it sped.
And when I reached the top I banged the pulley with my head.
I clung on tightly numb with shock from this almighty blow.
While the barrel spilled out half its bricks some 14 floors below.
Now when these bricks had fallen from the barrel to the floor.
I then out-weighed the barrel and so started down once more.
But I clung on tightly to the rope, my body racked with pain.
And half way down I met the barrel once again.
The force of this collision half way down the office block.
Caused multiple abbraisions and a nasty case of shock.
But I clung on tightly to the rope as I fell towards the ground.
And landed on the broken bricks the barrel had scattered round.
Well as I lay there on the floor I thought I'd passed the worst.
But the barrel hit the pulley wheel and then the bottom burst.
A shower of bricks rained down on me I didn't have a hope.
As I lay there bleeding on the ground I let go of the bloody rope.
The barrel now being heavier, it started down once more.
It landed right across me as I lay there on the floor.
It broke three ribs and my left arm and I can only say.
I hope you understand why I am not at work today."
"2242" "Well I've been a Sunday driver noo for many's a happy year
And I've never had my Morris Minor oot o' second gear
I can drive at fifty miles an hour on motorway or track
With me wife up front beside me and her mother in the back
There was me and my daddy and my daddy's mammy
And her sister's Granny and four of her chums
And Auntie Jean
In a crowd of fifty trippers you can always pick me oot
By my \"Don't blame me, I voted Tory\" sticker on the boot
Wi' my bunch of heather stickin' in ma radiator grille
And me stick-on transfer bullet holes and licence for tae kill
There was me and my daddy and my daddy's mammy
And her sister's Granny and four of her chums
And Auntie Peg
I've a hundred plastic pennants for to tell you where I've been
And my steering wheel is clad in simulated leopard-skin
Up front fae the drivin' mirror hangs a plastic skeleton
And in the back a dog wi' eyes that flicker off and on!
There was me and my daddy and my daddy's mammy
And her sister's Granny and four of her chums
And Auntie May
I always drive as though my foot was restin' on the brake
And I weave aboot the road just so's ye cannae overtake
I can get ye sae frustrated that ye'll finish up in tears
And the sound of blarin' motor horns is music to my ears!
There was me and my daddy and my daddy's mammy
And her sister's Granny and four of her chums
And Auntie Liz
Now if ye wonder how these weekly trips I can afford
It's because I'm on a stipend from the Scottish Tourist Board
You're supposed tae enjoy the scenery, the finest of it's kind
And that is why I have a convoy followin' behind!
There was me and my daddy and my daddy's mammy
And her sister's Granny and four of her chums
And Auntie Rose
There's just no way of escaping me, no matter how ye seek
For the simple fact that I'm a traffic warden through the week
I'm boostin' my efficiency, and here's my master plan
I'm savin' up my pennies for to buy a Caravan
There was me and my daddy and my daddy's mammy
And her sister's Granny and four of her chums
And Auntie Gertrude
There was me and my daddy and my daddy's mammy
And her sister's Granny and four of her chums
Yer gaun too fast"
"2243" "(Chorus)
Come now gather now, here where the flowers grow
White is the blossom as the snow on the ben
Hear now, freedom's call, we'll make a solemn vow
Now by the roses o' Prince Charlie
(Chorus)
Fight again at Bannockburn yer battleaxe tae wield
Fight wi yer grandsires on Flodden's bloody field
Fight at Culloden, the Bonnie Prince tae shield
Fight by the roses o' Prince Charlie
(Chorus)
Spirits o' the banished, in far an' distant lands
Carved out the new world wi' sweat, blood an' hand
Return now in glory an' on the silver sand
Fight by the roses o' Prince Charlie
(Chorus)
Tak' yer strength fae the green fields that blanket peat
And coal
Ships fae the Clyde have a nation in their hold
The water of life, some men need tae mak' them bold
Black gold and fishes fae the sea, man
(Chorus x2)
Something is wrong? Correct this"
"2244" "Well, the year was 1778
How I wish I was in... now!
When a letter of marque was sent by the king
To the scummiest vessel Ive ever seen
God damn them all
I was told wed sail the seas
For American gold
Wed fire no guns, she'd no tears
Im a broken man on a Halifax pier
The last of Barretts Privateers
Twas then Sid Barrett cried the town
How I wish I was in... now!
For twenty man, all fisherman who
Would make for him the Antelope crew
God damn them all
I was told wed sail the seas
For American gold
Wed fire no guns, she'd no tears
Im a broken man on a Halifax pier
The last of Barretts Privateers
Now, the Antelopes sloop was a sickening sight
I wish I was in... now!
With a list to port and er sails in rags
And the cook in the scuppers with the staggers and jags
God damn them all
I was told wed sail the seas
For American gold
Wed fire no guns, she'd no tears
Im a broken man on a Halifax pier
The last of Barretts Privateers
On the kings birthday we sailed away
I wish I was in... now!
When a great big Yankee hovered in sight
With our cracked four-pounders we made to fight.
God damn them all
I was told wed sail the seas
For American gold
Wed fire no guns, she'd no tears
Im a broken man on a Halifax pier
The last of Barretts Privateers
The Yankee lay low down with gold
I wish I was in  now!
She was low and fat and loose stays
But to catch her took the Antelope three whole days
God damn them all
I was told wed sail the seas
For American gold
Wed fire no guns, she'd no tears
Im a broken man on a Halifax pier
The last of Barretts Privateers
But at length we stood two cables away
I wish I was in now!
Our cracked four-pounders made an awful din
But with one fat ball the Yank stove us in
God damn them all
I was told wed sail the seas
For American gold
Wed fire no guns, she'd no tears
Im a broken man on a Halifax pier
The last of Barretts Privateers
Well, the Antelope shook and fetched on our side
I wish I was in  now!
Barrett was smashed like a bowl of eggs
And the main track took away both my legs
God damn them all
I was told wed sail the seas
For American gold
Wed fire no guns, she'd no tears
Im a broken man on a Halifax pier
The last of Barretts Privateers
So, here I lay on my twenty-fifth year
I wish I was in now!
Six years since we sailed away
But I just made Halifax yesterday
God damn them all
I was told wed sail the seas
For American gold
Wed fire no guns, she'd no tears
Im a broken man on a Halifax pier
The last of Barretts Privateers
God damn them all
I was told wed sail the seas
For American gold
Wed fire no guns, she'd no tears
Im a broken man on a Halifax pier
Sailed the seas for many a long year
Youll never find a better man far or near
Im a last of Barretts Privateers"
"2245" "Some poets sing of a noble king,
Or of a sweetheart fair.
Some tell a tale of ships that sail
With treasures rich and rare.
But my humble pen still drifts again
To scenes of long ago;
Across the sea to the Benedy
And the winding river roe.
Right well do I remember now
Those happy childhood days.
And the times I had when just a lad,
On Carn's lovely braes.
And when my mind is thus inclined
No other joys I know,
For my heart remains on the verdant plains
Near the winding river roe.
Benbradagh's crown o'er Dungiven town,
Is still within my view
And the Benedy glen I worshiped then
Still lives in memory too.
The beautiful scene of Cashel Green
Still haunts wherever I go.
And in all my dreams, I see it seems
The winding river roe.
If fortunes smiles on me awhile,
I would cross the sea again,
And all these years of toil and tears
Will be forgotten then.
And when at last my life has passed,
Contentedly I'll go across the sea
To the Benedy
And the winding river roe."
"2246" "The snow it melts the soonest when the winds begin to sing
And the corn it ripens fastest when the frost is setting in
And when the young man tells me that my face he'll soon forget
Before we part I bet a crown, he'd be fain to follow it yet
And the snow it melts the soonest when the winds begin to sing
And the swallow skims without a thought as long as it is spring
But when spring blows and winter goes my love then you'll be free
With all your pride and to follow me where it crossed the stormy sea
And the snows they melt the soonest when the winds begin to sing
And the bee that flew when summer shone in winter he won't sing
And all the flowers in all the land so brightly they may be.
And the snow it melts the soonest when my true love's for me.
So whoever says to me farewell here, no farewell I receive,
For you will leave me at your side, or you kiss and take your leave
And I'll wait here 'til the moorcock calls and the Martin takes his leave
For the snow it melts the soonest when the winds begin to sing."
"2247" "Leaving sweet lovely Derry for fair London town
There is no finer harbour all around can be found
Where the youngsters each evening go down to the shore
And the joy bells are ringing for the maid of Culmore
The first time I saw her she passed me by
And the next time I saw her she bid me goodbye
But the last time I saw her it grieved my heart sore
For she sailed down Loch Foyle and away from Culmore
If I had the power the storms for to rise
I would make the wind blow and I'd darken the skies
I would make the wind blow high and the salt seas to roar
Till the day that my darling sailed away from Culmore
To the back parts of America my love I'll go and see
For it's there I know no-one and no-one knows me
And if I don't find her I'll return home no more
Like a pilgrim I'll wander for the maid of Culmore"
"2248" "She's like the swallow that flies so high
She's like the river that never runs dry
She's like the sunshine on the lee shore
She loves her love and love is no more
??Tis out in the meadow this fair maid did go
Picking the lovely primrose
The more she plucked the more she pulled
Until she's got her apron full
She climbed on yonder hill above
To give a rose unto her love
She gave him one, she gave him three
She gave her heart for company
And as they sat on yonder hill
His heart grew hard, so harder still
He has two hearts instead of one
She says, young man what have you done"
"2249" "\"Oh rise up my darling and come with me
I want to go with you and leave this country
To leave my fathers dwelling, this house and the land
So away goes Jamie with his love in his arms
They go over hills and the mountains and glens
Traveling all through the night in the mist in the rain
But her father has followed and has taken his men
And he captured poor Jamie with his love in his arms
Now home she was taken to her room she is bound
While poor Jamie lies on the cold stoney ground
And he knows all the while before the judge he will stand
For the stealing of nothing but his own true love's hand
In the cold hard iron his hands they are bound
Handcuffed like a murderer and tied to the ground
And the goaler tells Jamie \"last night I did hear
That your Lady will hang you or else set you clear\"
The judge says \"this young girl being tender in youth
If Jamie is guilty she will tell the truth\"
Then the radiant beauty before him did stand
\"Oh I'm happy to see you my bold Irish lad\"
But the father cries out \"Lord have pity on me
For the man came to bring disgrace to my family
And he stole my only daughter, all part of his plan
And if you don't hang him I will quit the land\"
But the daughter is crying and begging is she
\"The fault isn't Jamie's the blame lies with me
I forced him to leave and run away with me
And I'll die if I can't save my bold Jamie\"
\"Good Lord he has stole all her jewels and her rings
Gold watches and amber, all my precious things
And it costs me a fortune in thousands of pounds
And I'll take the life of Jamie before I lie in the ground
\"Good Lord I gave them as a token of love
An when we are parted I'll have them removed
But a true lovers token wear on your right hand
And think of me darling when you're in a foreign land\""
"2250" "Kind friends and companions, together combine
And raise up your voices in chorus with mine
Let us drink and be merry, all grief to refrain
For we may and might never all meet here again
[Chorus]
Here's a health to the company and one to my lass
Let us drink and be merry all out of one glass
Let us drink and be merry, all grief to refrain
For we may and might never all meet here again
Here's a health to the wee lass that I love so well
Her style and her beauty, there's none can excel
There's a smile on her countenance as she sits on my knee
Sure there's no one in in this wide world as happy as me
[Chorus]
Our ship lies at harbor, she's ready to dock
I hope she's safe landed without shake or shock
And when we are sailing to the land of the free
I will always remember your kindness to me
I have read this old proverb, I've read it so true
My love is as fair as the bright morning dew
I have read this old proverb, I suppose you have too
So good friends and companions I bid you adieu
[Chorus]"
"2251" "Green grows the laurel, soft falls the dew
Sorry was I love when parting from you
But at our next meeting I hope you'll prove true
And we'll join the green laurel and the violet so blue
I once had a sweetheart but now I have none
He's gone and he's left me to weep and to mourn
He's gone and he's left me for others to see
I'll soon find another far better than he
He passes my window both early and late
And the looks that he gives me would make my heart break
The looks that he gives me a thousand would kill
Though hates and detests me I love that lad still
I wrote him a letter in red rosy lines
He wrote back an answer all twisted and twined
Saying keep your love letters and I'll keep mine
You write to your love and I'll write to mine
Now often I wonder why maidens love men
And often I wonder why young men love them
But from my own knowledge I will have you know
The men are deceivers wherever they go
Green grows the laurel, soft falls the dew
Sorry was I love when parting from you
But at our next meeting I hope you'll prove true
And we'll join the green laurel and the violet so blue"
"2252" "Farewell to old Ireland, the land of my childhood
Which now and forever I am going to leave
Farewell to the shores, where the shamrock is growing
It's the bright spot of beauty and the home of the brave
I'll think on its valleys with fond admiration
Though never again its bright hills will I see
I'm bound for to cross the wide swelling ocean
In search of fame and fortune and of sweet liberty
Our ship at the present lies in Derry harbour
To bear us away across the wide swelling sea
May heaven be her companion and grant her fair breezes
Till we reach the green fields of America
It's hard to be forced from the land that we live in
Our houses and farms all obiged for to sell
To wander along among Indians and strangers
To find some sweet spot where our children might dwell
Our artists, our farmers, our tradesmen are leaving
To seek for employment far over the sea
Where they'll get their riches with care and with industry
There's nothing but hardship at home if you stay
So cheer up your spirits, you lads and you lasses
There's gold for the digging and lots of it, too
A health to the heart that has courage to ramble
Bad luck to the lad or the lass that would rue
We'll call for a bumper of ale, wine and brandy
We'll drink to the health of those far away
Our hearts will all warm at the thought of old Ireland
When we're on the green fields of Americay"
"2253" "Where are you now
And who's by your side
Can't hide for a lifetime
Uncover your eyes
Wake up, in the morning
Share the sunlight shining down on us
You and me
Are these sad days always lost on us
Where am I now
and who's on my side
I'd wait for a lifetime
For you to come back
Wake up, in the evening
Share the moonlight shining down on us
You and me
Are these sad days always lost on us
Can anyone play me another sad song
Cause sad songs remind me of all that we've lost
Can anyone play me another sad song
Cause sad songs remind me of all that we've lost
Wake up, in the morning
Share the sunlight shining down on us
You and me
You and me"
"2254" "My song for you this evening
Is not to make you sad
Nor for adding to the sorrows
Of this troubled northern land
But lately, I've been thinking
And it just won't leave my mind
I'll tell you about two friends one time
Who were both good friends of mine
Isaac, he was Protestant
And Sean was Catholic born
But it never made a difference
For the friendship, it was strong
And sometimes in the evening
When they heard the sound of drums
They said, they won't divide us
We will always be as one
There were roses, roses
There were roses
And the tears of a people ran together
It was on a Sunday morning
When the awful news came 'round
Another killing had been done
Just outside Newry town
We knew that Isaac danced up there
We knew he liked the band
But when we heard that he was dead
We just could not understand
Now fear, it filled the countryside
There was fear in every home
When late at night, a car came
Prowling 'round the Ryan Road
A Catholic would be killed tonight
To even up the score
Oh Christ, it's young Macdonald
They have taken from the door
There were roses, roses
There were roses
And the tears of a people ran together
Isaac was my friend, he cried
He begged them with his tears
But centuries of hatred
Have ears that do not hear
An eye for an eye
That was all that filled their minds
And another eye for another eye
Till everyone was blind
Now I don't know where the moral is
Or where the song should end
But I wonder just how many wars
Are fought between good friends
And those who give the orders
Are not the ones to die
It's Scott and young Macdonald
And the likes of you and I
There were roses, roses
There were roses
And the tears of a people ran together"
"2255" "Turn it inside out so I can see-uh
The part of you that's drifting over me-uh
And when I wake you're--you're never there
And when I sleep you're--you're everywhere
You're everywhere
Just tell me how I got this far
Just tell me why you're here and who you are
'Cause every time I look
You're never there
And every time I sleep
You're always there
'Cause you're everywhere to me
And when I close my eyes it's you I see
You're everything I know
That makes me believe
I'm not alone
I'm not alone
I recognize the way you make me feel
It's hard to think that you might not be real
I sense it now, the water's getting deep
I try to wash the pain away from me
Away from me
'Cause you're everywhere to me
And when I close my eyes it's you I see
You're everything I know
That makes me believe
I'm not alone
I'm not alone
I am not alone
And when I touch your hand
It's then I understand
The beauty that's within
It's now that we begin
You always light my way
I hope there never comes a day
No matter where I go
I always feel you so
'Cause you're everywhere to me
And when I close my eyes it's you I see
You're everything I know
That makes me believe
I'm not alone
'Cause you're everywhere to me
And when I catch my breath
It's you I breathe
You're everything I know
That makes me believe
I'm not alone
You're in everyone I see
So tell me
Do you see me?"
"2256" "Blue mountain river, if only for a while
Take me to the river, lay down by your side
The world is full of madness and I find it hard to smile
Take me where you're going and I'll be right by your side
Blue mountain river, comfort me a while
I'll follow down the river, follow you till night
I hasten to your whispers, you dance in time to mine
We'll stay awake together watching the silver in the sky
Blue mountain river, I want to rest a while
You're changing my reflection and the seasons in my mind
Let these days go on forever, I'll leave in my own time
Take me where you're going and I'll be right by your side
Blue mountain river, I went there for a while
I listened for an answer and I found it deep inside
When I'm lost behind the shadows and I want to run and hide
My blue mountain river is there right by my side"
"2257" "After the morning there comes an evening
And after the evening another day
And after a false love there comes a true love
I'd have you listen now to what I say
I swear my love is the finest young man
As fair as any the sun shines on
But how to save him, I do not know it
For he has got a sentence to be hung
As he was marching the streets of Derry
I own he marched up right manfully
Being much more like a commanding officer
Than a man to die upon the gallows tree
\"What keeps my love so long in coming
Oh what detains her so long from me
Or does she think it a shame or scandal
To see me die upon the gallows tree\"
He looked around and he saw her coming
And she was dressed all in woolen fine
The weary steed that my love was riding
It flew more swiftly than the wind
Come down, come down from that cruel gallows
I've got your pardon from the king
And I'll let them see that they dare not hang you
And I'll crown my love with a bunch of green"
"2258" "I wish I was in heaven high
For night and day I just wait and cry
And from my arms he flew one night
To where I cannot find
I wish I had the wings to fly
For in this world he left no sign
But maybe someday he'll bring me back
To where I cannot find
Had I the heart to tell him then
He might have stayed until the end
But maybe someday we'll meet again of the
In where I cannot find"
"2259" "Black is the colour of my true love's hair
Her lips are like a rose so fair
She's got the sweetest face and the gentlest hands
I love the ground whereon she stands
I love my love and well she knows
I love the ground whereon she goes
And how I wish the day would come
When she and I can be as one
Black is the colour of my true love's hair
Her lips are like a rose so fair
She's got the sweetest face and the gentlest hands
I love the ground whereon she stands
I go to the Clyde and mourn and weep
Satisfied I never will sleep
I'll write her a letter, just a few short lines
And suffer death ten thousand times"
"2260" "It being in the springtime and the small birds they were singing
Down by yon shady harbour I carelessly did stray
The thrushes they were warbling, the violets they were charming
To view fond lovers talking, a while I did delay
She said, my dear don't leave me all for another season
Though fortune does be pleasing I'll go along with you
I'll forsake friends and relations and bid this Irish Nation
And to the bonny Bann banks forever I'll bid adieu
He said, my dear don't grieve or yet annoy my patience
You know I love you dearly the more I'm going away
I'm going to a foreign nation to purchase a plantation
To comfort us hereafter all in America
Then after a short while a fortune does be pleasing
\"Twill cause them for to smile at our late going away
We'll be happy as Queen Victoria, all in her greatest glory
We'll be drinking wine and porter, all in America
If you were in your bed lying and thinking on dying
The sight of the lovely Bann banks your sorrow you'd give o'er
Or if were down one hour, down in yon shady bower
Pleasure would surround you, you'd think on death no more
Then fare you well, sweet Craigie Hill, where often times I've roved
I never thought my childhood days I'd part you any more
Now we're sailing on the ocean for honour and promotion
And the bonny boats are sailing, way down by Doorin shore"
"2261" "The leaves fall from the trees like gold
And I tell you that I love you so
The river sings, it's time to go
What lies ahead we'll never know
And summer brings sweet memories
When we danced all night on the dusty streets
With an angel watching over me
Your love has brought me to my knees
[Chorus]
Well I've loved you and I wish it so,
Wherever you decide to go
Yes I've loved you well I wish it so,
Wherever you decide to go
We kissed under the tired moon
And the stars shone down for me and you
We listen for the cock to crow
Come break of day you had to go
[Chorus]
I didn't want to let you leave
I didn't wanna tell you no
'Cause I know how to make you feel
And I don't wanna let you go
I didn't want to let you leave
I didn't wanna tell you no
'Cause I know how to make you feel
And I don't wanna let you go
Laa la la la ohh
La la la la
[Chorus]
Yes I've loved you well I wish it so,
Wherever you decide to go
Yes I've loved you well I told you so
Wherever you decide to go
I've loved you well
Wherever you decide to go
I've loved you well
Winter brings sweet melodies
Come back to me
Winter brings sweet melodies
Come back to me
Winter brings sweet melodies
Come back to me
Winter brings sweet melodies
Come back to me"
"2262" "I'm falling like a star, and I'm holding on for dear life
I'm about to reach the ground
I'm coming home to Earth
I've reached my town
And they said that you couldn't sit on a cloud, cause you'd fall right through
Well how is it then, that I managed to?
And how did I say what I just said to you?
Am I thinking out loud, did you even ask me to?
I'm falling like a star, and I'm holding on for dear life
I'm about to reach the ground
I'm coming home to Earth
I've reached my town
And the streets are empty how, but for the wrong reasons
They've all gone and left me alone
And they left with a vengance, and they talk of their experience
And they'll try and convince me, to join them
Holy, Holy
Holy is the only word I know these days
Holy, Holy
Holy is the only word I know these days
Those flowers have never experienced anything like this before
They've been picked from their wilderness, put in a jar
Now they're feeling the heat of this room
And I'm falling like a star, and I'm holding on for dear life
I'm about to reach the ground
I'm coming home to Earth
I've reached my town
Falling like a star
I only came down for a day, I didn't want to stay
Falling like a star
I only came down for a day, I didn't want to stay"
"2263" "I will not forget all the things, I haven't said yet
And so I'll wait
Like water thrown on water, its always hard to tell
Just where is ends
Getting ready to be strung, there is sweetness to
Every blow
Broken bridges, wish I could lie down
Freedom angels come and save me now
So I lost my fortune then found it in a glen
Trees and branches led me straight to him
Oh my love, freedom caused us shame
On the breeze, your words call again
Will we learn to wait until tomorrow
Not knowing where we'll go
Broken bridgesm selfish now it sounds
Thirsty whispers told me to find out
Well I tried to stay until the summer came
Winter madness running through my veins
Oh my love, freedom caused us shame
On the breeze you words call again
Will we learn to wait until tomorrow
Not knowing where we'll go
You say
Words don't mean a thing
You say
Words don't mean a thing"
"2264" "When all is said and done
You're still a lucky one
And I've lost out again this time
You said that we were strong
Said that we'd go on and on
Do you see that you were wrong this time?
Now I want to tell you
[Chorus]
If you wanted to break me
If you wanted to see me falling
I'll make it easy for you
No, you won't have to try
Really think you should know that
Come the morning light
There'll be no-one left to fight
You say I'm not to blame
Things don't often go your way
Well maybe you were wrong this time
'Cause from where I'm standing now
It doesn't matter any how
We've lost too many friends this time
Now I need to tell you
[Chorus]
When darkness follows you home at night
And all the voices drown you out
This world is turning us inside out
Do you believe it is worth the fight
[Chorus]"
"2265" "This is really not my home
Oh where are you my lovely Johnny?
I'm afraid and all alone
There is no peace for me
I'm sitting in the stranger's room
Playing at the stranger's table
Shining empty like the moon
There is no peace for me
Chorus:
But in the darkness struggle cold
I think about a garden valley
Gentle as the leaves unfold
Singing out across the bay
Distant and so far away
There is no peace for me
I'm blinded by your city lights
I wander through these fearful places
The colours fade to black and white
There is no peace for me
And these are not the friends I know
These are not their smiling faces
A desert that no-one should know
There is no peace for me
Chorus
Now I know and feel it well
Poor immigrants deep sunken feeling
Standing at the gates of Hell
There is no peace for me
Burned out by their master's greed
Cruel exile transportation
Robbed of every love and need
There is no peace for me
Chorus"
"2266" "If you want me I'll be at your door
And if you need me I'll be by your side
'cause every day is a long winding road
And I'll always be here don't you know
I wonder why, I wonder why, I wonder why
I always try, I wonder why, I wonder why
[Chorus]
Every time I look at you I feel the blues
Can't hide the pain inside
No-one ever told me that my heart could break a hundred-thousand times
Never in a million years I thought the tears could break a heart of stone
If you need me let me know
Well, if you've got no-one to give your heart to
And if you've searched and you can't find the truth
When they tell you this time to let go
Well, I'll always be here - don't you know
I wonder why, I wonder why, I wonder why
[Chorus]
Oh, nobody told me bout the wind and the trees
And the summer breeze and
You carry the weight of the world on your shoulders
And the light is slipping through
And I've seen the sun catching your eye
Like the moon in the sky
Every time I look at you I feel the blues
Can't hide the pain inside
No-one ever told me that my heart could break a hundred-thousand times
And though you've never asked me to believe its true
I've loved you from the start
Oh I've got to find a way to mend today
These wings that need to fly
No-one ever told me that my heart could break a hundred-thousand times
Never in a million years I thought the tears could break a heart of stone
If you need me let me know"
"2267" "As the lonesome scenes of winter in stormy winds do blow
Clouds around the centre inclined to frost and snow
You're the boy that I have chosen to be my only dear
Your scornful heart is frozen and drifted far I fear
One night I went to see my love, but he proved most scornfully
I asked him if he'd marry me, but he would not marry me
The night it is far spent, my love, it's near the break of day
And I'm waiting for your answer, my dear, what do you say?
I can but plainly tell you, I'll lead a single life
I never thought it fitting that you should be my wife
So take a civil answer and for yourself provide
I have another sweetheart and you I have laid aside
Now my mind is changing that old love for the new
This wide and lonesome valley I mean to ramble through'
In search of someone handsome that might my fancy fill
That world is wide and lonesome, if he don't another will"
"2268" "In a land of O'Cahan where bleak mountains rise
O'er those brown ridgy tops now the dusky clouds fly
Deep sunk in a valley a wild flower did grow
And her name was Finvola, the Gem of the Roe
For the Isles of Abunde appeared to out view
A youth clad in tartan, it's strange but it's true
With a star on his breast and unstrung was his bow
And he sighed for Finvola the Gem of the Roe
The Gem of the Roe, the Gem of the Roe
And he sighed for Finvola
The Gem of the Roe
To the grey shores of Alba his bride he did bear
But short were the fond years these lovers did share
For thrice on the hillside the Banshee cried low
Twas the death of Finvola the Gem of the Roe
The Gem of the Roe, the Gem of the Roe
Twas the death of Finvola
The Gem of the Roe
No more up the streamlet her maidens will hie
For wan the pale cheek and bedimmed the blue eye
In silent affliction our sorrows will flow
Since gone is Finvola the Gem of the Roe
The Gem of the Roe, the Gem of the Roe
Since gone is Finvola
The Gem of the Roe"
"2269" "Days, turning from red to green
It's hard to believe that spring
Is here so soon and I've been gone so long.
Keep, sending your letters on
Memories of whom are still
Haunting my days and I am losing my way
[Chorus]
High tide
Changing moods
Familiar faces I know
High tide
Changing light
Familiar places I go
Keep playing our favorite song
'Cause sometimes I sing it so loud
And pray that you might hear
And sing along
Days, turning from sweet to dry
Memories of whom are still
Haunting my days, I wait
For your reply"
"2270" "Through the mist my ship has sailed, leaving me behind
All things left unsaid, that were in my mind
When I stood on this deck, strange things I saw
Strange they have vanished now
I'm standing on the shore
Sandy hills all around, nothing standing clear
Softly light is falling through, time was never here
When I stood on this deck, stranges things I saw
STRANGE THEY HAVE VANISHED NOW
I'm standing on the shore
Headlands fading out of sight, horizons disappear
Hazy shores and silent seas, nothing DO I fear
Air and water, grass and sand, merging into one
In the silence of the mist, I am still alone
When I stood on this deck, strange things I saw
Strange they have vanished now
I'm standing on the shore
Standing on the shore"
"2271" "Oh father, dear father,
you've done to me much wrong,
You've gone and got me married to a boy
who is too young.
For he is only 16 years and I am 21,
Oh my darling boy is young but he's growing.
Oh daughter, dear daughter,
it's you who have done wrong,
For you and he together have gone and got a son,
And he must have a father when I am dead and gone,
Oh your darling boy is young but he's growing.
One day as I was walking down by the college wall
I saw the young men they were playing football,
My true love was there, he was the finest of them all,
My darling boy is young but he's growing.
Another day I was walking down by the college wall,
I saw the pusher, he was making his call,
My true love was there, he was the palest of them all,
Oh the dealer put an end to his growing.
At the age of sixteen years he was a married man,
And at the age of seventeen, the father of a son,
the grass grew over him,
The dealer put an end to his growing.
Oh the Springtime is past
and the Summer's coming on,
It's earring, beads and bangles the young girls
have put on,
Once I had a true love but now I have got none,
But I 'll watch over his son while he's growing."
"2272" "As I was a'walking one evening of late
Where fragrant fine flowers the fields decorate
I carelessly rambled where I did not know
By the fair crystal fountain that falls in Glencoe
And on her who the prize on Mount Ider was won
Then approached me a lassy as bright as the sun
And the ribbon and the tartan around her did flow
That welcomed young Donald the pride of Glencoe
Said I, my fine creature, your charming sweet smile
And your comely fine features my heart has beguiled
And with your kind affection on me you'll bestow
I'll bless the happy hour we met in Glencoe
Kind Sir, she made answer, your love I'll disdain
For I have a young sweetheart and Donald by name
And he went to the wars about ten years ago
And a maid I remain 'till he returns to Glencoe
Ah, perhaps your young Donald regards not your name
And has placed his affection on some foreign dame
He may have forgotten for all that you know
That bonny young creature he left in Glencoe
From his promise my Donald he'd never depart
For love, truth and honour stand firm in his heart
And if I never see him, then single I'll go
And mourn for my Donald the pride of Glencoe
Then seeing her constance he drew out a glove
Which in parting she gave him in token of love
She clung to his arms and tears down did flow
Ah, you're welcome my Donald the pride of Glencoe
Come cheer up my Flora your sorrows are o'er
And since we have met love we'll never part more
And the loud blast of battle, far distant may blow
Whilst in peace and contentment we'll live in Glencoe"
"2273" "Oh draw near each young lover,
Give ear to my story
That bears my sad, mournful tale.
Come join me in chorus
And lend me your pity,
While I my misfortune bewail.
The grief my poor heart
No tongue can disclose.
My cheeks are now pale,
They once bloomed like the rose.
And it's all for a young man,
Whom I do suppose
Is now far from sweet Erin the Green.
Now when were children
We walked out together
Along the green meadows sweet.
And although we were childish
We loved one another
Whilst gathering the wild berries sweet.
It was to sweet Garvagh where we were sent to school,
He was first in his class
And correct in each rule.
And I cheerfully walked home by Kilnacoole
With the flower of sweet Erin the Green.
Oh his head on my breast
And he used to repose
At each evening under the shade.
A song in my praises my darling composed
And he styled me the cool Derry maid.
At the time I denied him I'd die for his sake,
It was little I thought my denial he'd take.
Oh, but my own misfortune
I made a mistake
When he left me on Erin the Green."
"2274" "When you feel so tired trying
When you ask and no-one knows
When your heart is tired fighting
When you feel like letting go
Take this love I've freely given
Take this dream I'm wishing for
[Chorus]
How long is forever
If I can't see you anymore
I'll miss you most whenever October winds begin to blow
Well these days have lost their meaning
And these nights can feel so cold
Endless days not ever knowing
What is all this suffering for
Take these words \"so sad to leaveing\"
Take this breath I breathe that's warm
Take these tears so softly falling
Take these love forever more
[Chorus]"
"2275" "One night as I lay slumbering in my silent bed alone
Some reckless thoughts came to my mind which caused me for to roam
To leave my native country and the wee girl I do adore
So I thought it fit to take a trip, strange lands for to explore
Now the night before I went away I was walking over Brockagh Hill
When I met my darling on the road and her eyes with tears did fill
\"Stay you at home dear John\" she said \"and do not go away
For I'll have none to comfort me when you are on the sea\"
Well I took her by the lily white hand and I held her hard and fast
Saying \"adieu to you my darling for my ship it lies in Belfast
But if you prove loyal sure I'll prove true for you know that I'm well inclined\"
So we kissed goodbye and parted and I left my girl behind
And when we landed in Greenock sure the people all gathered around
And they said I was a rakish lad come to put their harvest down
They told me to return again and never more be seen
So without delay I sailed away for Ireland's lovely green
Sure when Mary heard that John was home her heart did beat with joy
Saying \"come into my arms\" she cried \"you're my darling lovely boy\"
Saying \"come into my arms\" she cried \"of you I have thought great and long
And let them all say as they will, our wedding will now go on
And let them all say as they as they will"
"2276" "You're the one who's nearly breaking my heart,
Had your chance, you just threw it all away.
Living in a world that you could never be a part of,
And there's time to walk away.
You can't stay, no you can't stay.
You're no loser, there's still time to ride that train
and you must be on your way tonight.
Think a new right through, you're a man in the rain.
What's the use in hanging round these walls?
Lamps are burning, but nobody's at home.
There's a new day dawning as a cold rain falls,
And now's the time to walk alone.
You can't stay, no you can't stay.
You're no loser, there's still time to ride that train
and you must be on your way tonight.
Think a new right through, you're a man in the rain.
How's it feel when there's time to remember?
Branches bare, like the trees in November.
Had it all, threw it all away.
Now's the time to walk away.
You can't stay, no you can't stay.
You're no loser, there's still time to ride that train
and you must be on your way tonight.
Think a new right through, you're a man in the rain.
How's it feel when there's time to remember?
Branches bare, like the trees in November.
How's it feel when there's time to remember?
Branches bare, like the trees in November.
(guitar solo)
Threw it all away.
You can't stay, no you can't stay.
You're no loser, there's still time to ride that train
and you must be on your way tonight.
Think a new right through, you're a man in the rain.
Threw it all away. Threw it all away.
Now's the time to walk away.
You can't stay, no you can't stay.
You're no loser, there's still time to ride that train
and you must be on your way tonight.
Think a new right through, you're a man in the rain. (fade out)"
"2277" "Dear thoughts are in my mind and my soul it soars enchanted
As I hear the sweet lark sing in the clear air of the day
For a tender beaming smile to my hope has been granted
And tomorrow he shall hear all my fond heart longs to say
I will tell him all my love, all my soul's pure adoration
And I know he will hear my voice and he will not answer me nay
It is this that gives my soul all it's joyous elation
As I hear the sweet lark sing in the clear air of the day"
"2278" "I am a youth that's inclined to ramble
To some foreign country, I mean to steer
I am loath to part from my friends and comrades
And my dear sweetheart, whom I loved dear
But there's one of those, I do most admire
One her, I'll think when I'm far away
For since fates decreed, I am resolved to part her
And try my fortune in Americay
So farewell, darling, I must leave you
I place great dependence on your constancy
That no other young man may gain your favor
Or change your mind when I am over the sea
For although the seas do separate us
And in between us, they do rise and fall
If fortune favors me you'll find your Jamie
Returning homeward from Americay
Oh Jamie dear, do you remember
When I sat with you for many the hour
And my young fancy away was carried
And the bees hummed around on each opening flower
But when you're crossing the western ocean
The maid that loved you, you'll never mind eva'
And you'll scarce ever think upon the maids of Erin
For you'll find strange sweethearts in America
Oh Mary dear, I don't dissemble
For to all other fair maids, I'll prove untrue
And if you think that these are false promise
I'll leave these vows as a pledge to you
That what I have may prove unsuccessful
And fortune prove to me a slippery ball
That a favoring gale it may never blow on me
If forsake you in America
And to conclude and to end these verses
May God protect this young female fair
And keep her from every wild embarrassment
And of, my darling, take the greatest care
For she's slow to anger and of kind disposition
And her cheeks like roses in June do blow
In my nightly slumbers when ever I think on her
I could court her vision in America"
"2279" "Come all you gallant poachers who ramble void of care,
Who wander out on a moonlit night with your dog, your gun and snare,
The hare and lofty pheasant you have at your command,
Not thinking of your long career spend on Van Dieman's land.
Poor Thomas Brown from Nenagh town, John Murphy and Poor Joe,
Where three determined poachers, the country well does know,
By the keepers of the land, one night, at last they were trepanned,
And for fourteen years transported unto Van Dieman's Land.
The first day that we landed upon that fatal shore,
The planters gathered around us, they might be twenty score,
They ranked us off like horses and sold us out of hand,
They yoked us to a plough, brave boys, to plough Van Dieman's Land.
Often when I slumber, I have a pleasant dream,
I 'm lying on the cold green grass down by your purling stream,
Oh, wondering through the maid of fair with my sweetheart by the hand,
Then I awaken broken-hearted upon Van Dieman's Land."
"2280" "Every time you touch my face
Every time you touch my face
I feel your soul's amazing grace
Every time
Every time you touch my face
I'll try to love you tenderly
I'll try to love you tenderly
Loving you comes easily
I'll try to love
I try to love you tenderly
Take my hand and don't look back
Take my hand and don't look back
We'll take a ride on the railroad track
Take my hand
Take my hand and don't look back
We'll sing a song to the cities beat
Where the white sheets hang above the dusty streets
The songs we sing sound so sweet
We'll sing a song to the city's beat
I can tell that you need your sleep
I can tell that you need your sleep
We've been running round these lonely street
I can tell
I can tell that you need your sleep
How much time do you think we got
How much time do you think we got
We had a little now we hope for lots
Tell me
How much time do you think we got
Lets raise a glass to the ones we love
Raise a glass to the ones we love
And spare a thought for the ones above
Raise a glass
Raise a glass to the ones we love
Lets raise a glass to the ones we love
Raise a glass to the ones we love
And spare a thought for the ones above
Raise a glass
Raise a glass to the ones we love"
"2281" "Some walls are made of stone
Some times we build our own
Some walls will stand for years
Some wash away with tears
Some walls are lined with gold
Some hearts stay safe and cold
Some walls are made of doubt
Holding in and keeping out
[Chorus]
If there's any hope for love at all
Some walls must fall
Some walls are built on pride
Some keep a child inside
Some walls are made in fear
That love let go will disappear
[Chorus]
How will you ever know what might be found
Until you let the walls come tumbling down
[Chorus]"
"2282" "Bonny, bonny was my seat in the red rosy yard
And bonny was my ship in the town of Ballynagard
Shade and shelter was for me till I began to fail
You all may guess now my distress lies near the Nightingale
Grief and woe that I must go to fight for England's King
I neither know his friend or foe, and war's a cruel thing
The nightingale is near at hand, my time at home is brief
And Carey's steams and mountain land I part with bitter grief
No more I'll walk the golden hills with Nancy by my side
Or dream along the sun bright rills, or view my land with pride
We sail away at dawn of day, the sails are ready set
When old Benmore I see no more, I'll sigh with deep regret
Now all must change and I must range across the ocean wide
Our ship she may in Biscay's Bay lie low beneath the tide
If I should fall by cannon ball, or sink beneath the sea
Good people all, a tear let fall and mourn for mine and me"
"2283" ""
"2284" "Standing by my Christmas tree,
Wishing you were here with me,
The snow is falling everywhere,
But it's not okay that you're not there...
Lonely footprints in the snow,
And where they lead nobody knows,
I feel the frost beneath my feet,
The angel's breath upon my cheek...
Silent night, holy night,
Can you hear the carolers singing in the night?
They sing, \"Silent night, holy night,\"
Let their voices guide you from the darkness to the light...
Walking down St. Michael's Street,
Where once you swept me off my feet,
I've traced these steps a thousand times,
I'm always hoping for a sign...
So Christmas Eve is here again,
Glad tidings and good will to men,
I'll always keep you in my heart,
You've been there from the very start...
Silent night, holy night,
Can you hear the carolers singing in the night?
They sing, \"Silent night, holy night,\"
Let their voices guide you from the darkness to the light...
Silent night, holy night,
Can you hear the carolers singing in the night?
They sing, \"Silent night, holy night,\"
Let their voices guide you from the darkness to the light..."
"2285" ""
"2286" "Oh sleep my darling child,
The angel's watching o'er,
The world is at our door,
I am your mother Mary.
Oh sleep my darling child,
These gifts of joy they bring,
To lay before their king,
I am your mother Mary.
Be still my darling child,
For at your feet will fall,
The hopes and prayers of all,
I am your mother Mary.
Oh sleep my darling child,
The angel's watching o'er,
The world is at our door,
I am your mother Mary."
"2287" ""
"2288" ""
"2289" ""
"2290" ""
"2291" ""
"2292" "Rise up, rise up, come everyone, and worship your new king
And join with us in chorus here the choirs of angels sing
Sweet Mary bore the son of God, a baby born of light
She gave to us a Savior pure upon a winter's night.
The shepherds gazed in wonder on that cold and lonely night
As Gabriel the angel came before them bathed in light
His voice rang out like bells and choirs, of angels they did sing
A journey they must make to kneel before the newborn king.
Far in the East three wise-men looked upon a starry sky
The brightest star they'd ever seen shown down from heaven high,
It led them to a stable where the lowly cattle lay
They knelt before sweet Mary's child upon a bed of hay.
Rise up, rise up, come everyone, and worship your new king
And join with us in chorus here the choirs of angels sing
Sweet Mary bore the son of God, a baby born of light
She gave to us a Savior pure upon a winter's night.
They gathered round the holy child that slept upon the hay
And lay their gifts before him at the dawning of the day,
The hopes and prayers of all good men lay just beyond the sight
Of Jesus Christ your Savior born upon that winter's night.
Rise up, rise up, come everyone, and worship your new king
And join with us in chorus here the choirs of angels sing
Sweet Mary bore the son of God, a baby born of light
She gave to us a Savior pure upon a winter's night.
Rise up, rise up, come everyone, and worship your new king
And join with us in chorus here the choirs of angels sing
Sweet Mary bore the son of God, a baby born of light
She gave to us a Savior pure upon a winter's night."
"2293" ""
"2294" ""
"2295" ""
"2296" ""
"2297" "Last night I dreamed my head was in fever
Last night I dreamed it never was so far
To reach the shore of safety and redemption
And a gaze upon the bright morning star
I dreamed I was by friends all put abandoned
I dreamed I was alone but for my scars
And blinded by the tears that fell like water
No more to see the bright morning star
The streets of dreams never looked this lonely
The streets of dreams never felt this hard
And I heard my voice barely of a whisper
As the clouds denied the bright morning star
Sometimes this life is no more than a moment
And sometimes this light is lost unto the dark
But courage hears the sound of dawn approaching
And each our own, bright morning star
I woke to find every window open
I woke to find the heavy door jar
And I walked outside and stood upon the hilltop
And gazed one small bright morning star
I walked outside and every bird was singing
As I found again my bright morning star"
"2298" ""
"2299" ""
"2300" ""
"2301" ""
"2302" ""
"2303" "Tebe poem
Tebe blagoslovim
Tebe blagodarim Gospodi
I molim ti sya Bozhe nash.
I Sing to Thee (translation)
I sing to thee,
I bless thee,
I give thanks to thee, oh Lord,
And I pray to thee, our God."
"2304" "Chi La Gagliarda
Chi la gagliarda donna vo imparare,
Venit' a nui che simo, mastri fini,
Che de ser' e de matina
Mai manchiamo, di sonare:
Tan tan tan tarira, ri ru ra.
A ch'e principiante li vo dare
Questo compagnio,
Ch'a nome Martino,
Che de ser' e de matina
Mai manchiamo di sonare:
Tan tan tan tarira, ri ru ra.
Who wants to learn the galliard, lady,
Come to us, who are fine teachers,
Who in the evening and in the morning
Never stop playing:
Tan tan tan tarira, ri ru ra.
And to her who is a beginner I want to give this partner,
Whose name is Martino,
Who in the evening and in the morning
Never stops playing:
Tan tan tan tarira, ri ru ra."
"2305" "Danum na gred selo arena ema
Teae ago, teae
Danum na taj ema dve do tri mome
Seaju ago seaju
Danum dajte mene ta mutna voda
Da pijem ago da proem
Danum tebe ima ta bistra voda
Da pije ago da spije.
to Morava mutno tee
Mutno tee i krvava
alosti moja
Banjale se tri devojke
Banjale se tune jadne
alosti moja.
Razgrana se grana jorgovana
Of neka neka neka grana jorgovana
Pod njom sedi lepa Julijana
Of neka neka neka
Lepa Julijana.
Komu veze svilenu maramu
Of neka neka neka
Svilenu maramu.
Sko kolo da skoimo
Koj' moe da ne moe
Mi drugi da moemo
Sve do puta pravovita
Sve do reke Oblanove
Sko kolo kolo sko
The Eight Garland by Mokranjac (Translation):
Hey there is a lively well in the centre of village
Where water is running, my master water is running
Hey there are a couple of girls sitting at the well,
My master, sitting at the well
Hey give me some of that muddy water to drink
My master to drink
Hey, there is clear water, for you to drink
My master for you to sleep.
Why is Morava river running so muddy,
Bloody and muddy?
Oh, my sorrow
Three girls were bathing in it sad poor girls
Oh my sorrow.
The branch of lilac is in full blossom
Hey let it be so let it be so
A branch of lilac.
Lovely Juliana is sitting under the branch
Hey let it be so let it be so lovely Juliana
Who are you sowing the silk scarf for
Hey let it be so let it be so
The silk scarf for.
Jump and dance let us jump
Those who cannot they should not
All of us who can we will
All the way to the straight, long road
All the way to the Oblan's river
Jump and dance dance jump and dance."
"2306" "Shchedryk shchedryk, shchedrivochka
Pryletila lastivochka
Stala sobi shchebetaty
Hospodarya vyklykaty
Vyydy, vyydy, hospodaryu
Podyvysya na kosharu
Tam ovechky pokotylys
A yahnychky narodylys
V tebe tovar ves khoroshyy
Budesh maty mirku hroshey
V tebe tovar ves khoroshyy
Budesh maty mirku hroshey
Khoch ne hroshey, to polova
V tebe zhinka chornobrova
Shchedryk shchedryk, shchedrivochka
Pryletila lastivochka
[Translation:]
Schedryk, schedryk, a new year's carol
A little swallow flew in the house
And began to sing
To summon the master
Oh, come out, come out master of the house
Come look at your homestead
There are the ewes nestling
And the lambkin have been born
Your animals are well fed
You will get rich when you sell them
And even if you get no money, you'll have chaff
You will have dark-eyebrowed beautiful wife
Schedryk, schedryk, a new year's carol
A little swallow flew away"
"2307" "Jovano, Jovanke
Kraj Vardarot sedi mori
Belo platno beli
Belo platno beli duo
Srce moe Jovano
Jovano Jovanke
Jas te tebe ekam mori
Doma da mi dojde
A ti ne doagjas, duso
Srce moe Jovano
Jovano Jovanke
Tvojata majka mori
Tebe ne te puta le le
Kaj mi ne da dojdes duo
Srce moe Jovano
Jovano Jovanke ej devojce bre
Jovano Jovanke (translation)
Jovano, Jovanke
you sit by the Vardar
Washing your white linen,
Washing your white linen my dear
My heart Jovano
Jovano Jovanke
Your mother doesn't let you
To come with me my dear
My heart Jovano
Jovano Jovanke
I'm waiting for you
To come to my home
And you don't come my dear
My heart Jovano
Jovano Jovanke come on girl."
"2308" "Zurli trestat nasred selo
Tapancuka rum dum dum
Mladi momi I ergeni
Do dve ora vijat
Rum dum dum du, rum dum dum du
Rum dum dum du, rum dum du
Ozdol ide star bel dedo zasukal mustaki
Parvo trga na oroto I onda se fati
Rum dum dum du, rum dum dum du
Rum dum dum du, rum dum du
Go zdogleda baba Neda za raka go fati
Kade odis staro aro oro da im grdis
Kade odis staro a
Oro da im grdis, ajde de!
Rum Dum Dum (translation)
The sound of zurle blares in the middle of the village
Tapan-chuka, rum-dum-dum
Young women and men
Are dancing in two circles
Rum dum dum du, rum dum dum du
Rum dum dum du, rum dum du
An old, white-haired grandpa comes along, stroking his moustaches
And goes straight to dance in the circle
Rum dum dum du, rum dum dum du
Rum dum dum du, rum dum du
Grandma Neda spots him and grabs him by his hand
What are you doing you old twit
Spoiling their dancing come on now!"
"2309" "Aaaa, aaaa, aaaa, aaaa,
cha, cha, cha, cha...
Chayorie, kalorie
Ma phir urde pala mande,
Ma phir urde pala mande, chaee 2x
Aljam pikljan man, chae shukarye
Mo gi diljan, chaee shukarye
Irin dikh man chaee 2x
Aaaa, aaaa, aaaa, aaaa, aaaa chae...
Aaaa, aaaa, aaaa, aaaa, cha, cha, cha, cha...
Tele dikhe, pogi tare, pani ane
Chayorie, kalorie
Ma phir urde, ma phir unde, pala mande, chae
Chayorie, kalorie,
Ma phir urde pala mande,
Ma phir urde pala mande, chaee
Aljam pikljan man, chae shukarye
Mo gi diljan, chaee shukarye
Irin dikh man chaee 2x
Aaaa, aaaa, aaaa, aaaa, chae...
Chae shukarije, chae shukarie...
Aljam pikljan man mo gi diljan,
Chae shukryee
Aaaa, aaaa, aaaa, aaaa...chae
Chae, chae
Beautiful girl (translation)
Young Gypsy girl is so beautiful
that she enchants a boy
through her walk and beauty.
He begs her to stay a little,
just for a moment,
to turn back and look at him.
But she just walks by proudly
looking beautiful and does not look at him,
who is burning with desire."
"2310" "Vozila se ajka, mala barka,
Puna barka mladih devojaka
Barka im je od suvoga zlata
Jadra su im srebrom posrebrena
A kapitan Anica djevojka
Zibala Jane Pavla detia
Zibala ga je celih devet ljet
Deseto ljeto mito pitala
Oj Jelena vodo ti ledena
Vrbnie nad morem
visoka planino
Trajna, nina, ninena, visoka planino
U tebi se goje po izbor djevojke
Trajna nina ninena po izbor devoke
Majka Maru preko mora zvala
Jesil Mare te rube oprala?
Nisam, majko, tek to sam poela
ta si Mare letnji dan delala?
Pri moru sam ruzice trgala
Puna nedra, i oba rukava
Coastal Melodies (translation)
There is a small ship sailing
Small ship full of beautiful girls
The ship is made of pure gold
The sails are threaded with silver
While the captain is Anica a girl
Jane was rocking little Pavle boy
Jane was rocking him for nine years
After nine years the tenth year she wondered
Oh Jelena your water is icy cold
Oh Vrbnik high mountain above the sea
Tra-la-la-la,la-la-la high mountain
The best girls are brought up there
Tra-la-la-la, la-la-la brought up there
Mother called Mara across the sea
Mara have you washed the laundry?
No mother I have not I have just started
What have you been doing all day long Mara
I was picking little roses by the sea
My bosom and sleeves are full of them."
"2311" "Bogorodice Devo, radujsja,
Blagodatnaja Marie, Gospod' s Toboju.
Blagoslovenna Ty v zhenakh,
I blagosloven Plod chreva Tvoego,
Jako Spasa rodila, esi dush nashikh
Mother of God (translation)
Rejoice, oh, Mother of God,
Mary, full of mercy, God be with you,
May you be blessed among the women,
And may blessed be the fruit of your womb
Because you gave birth to the savior of our souls."
"2312" "Ikaw pala lagi ang tama
'Di ka na ba matututo
Kinabukasan na pinabayaan mo
Wala nang katinuan sa utak mo
CHORUS 1
Kain, tulog, walang trabaho
'Di ka ba nahihiya sa aasal mo
Kahit na anong pangaral sa 'yo
'Di pumapasok sa 'yong ulo
Tumatandakang walang pakinabang
Sakit sa ulo ang dulot mo
Adik ka sa mga tao
Dapat kang mahiya sa balat mo
CHORUS 2
Kain, tulog, walang trabaho
Daig mo pa ang isang aso
Kahit na anong pangaral sa 'yo
'Di pumapasok sa 'yong ulo"
"2313" "Nung isilang ka sa mundong ito
Laking tuwa ng magulang mo
At ang kamay nila
Ang iyong ilaw
At ang nanay at tatay mo'why
Di malaman ang gagawin
Minamasdan
Pati pagtulog mo
At sa gabi'why napupuyat ang iyong nanay
Sa pagtimpla ng gatas mo
At sa umaga nama'why kalong ka ng iyong
Amang tuwang-tuwa sa yo'
Ngayon nga ay malaki ka na
Nais mo'why maging Malaya
Di man sila payag
Walang magagawa
Ikaw nga ay biglang nagbago
Nagging matigas ang iyong ulo
At ang payo nila'why
Sinuway mo
Di mo man lang inisip na ang
Kanilang ginagawa'why para sa yo
Pagka't ang nais mo'why msunod
Ang layaw mo dimo sila pinapansin
Nagdaan pa ang mga araw
At ang landas mo'why maligaw
Ikaw ay nalulong
Sa msama bisyo
At ang una mong nilapitan
Ang iyong inang lumuluha
At ang tanong nila ANAK
Ba't ka nagkaganyan?
At ang iyong mata'why biglang lumuha
Ng di mo napapasin
Pagsisisi at sa isip mo't nalaman
Mong ika'why nagkamali"
"2314" "When you were born into this world
Your mom and dad saw a dream fulfilled
Dream come true
The answer to their prayers
You were to them a special child
Gave 'em joy every time you smiled
Each time you cried
They're at your side to care
Child, you don't know
You'll never know how far they'd go
To give you all their love can give
To see you through and God it's true
They'd die for you, if they must, to see you here
How many seasons came and went
So many years have now been spent
For time ran fast
And now at last you're strong
Now what has gotten over you
You seem to hate your parents too
Do speak out your mind
Why do you find them wrong
Child you don't know
You'll never know how far they'd go
To give you all their love can give
To see you through and God it's true
They'd die for you, if they must, to see you near
And now your path has gone astray
Child you ain't sure what to do or say
You're so alone
No friends are on your side
And child you now break down in tears
Let them drive away your fears
Where must you go
Their arms stay open wide
Child you don't know
You'll never know how far they'd go
To give you all their love can give
To see you through
And God it's true
They'd die for you, if they must, to see you here
Child you don't know
You'll never know how far they'd go
To give you all their love can give
To see you through and God it's true
They'd die for you, if they must, to see you here"
"2315" "Sanay buksan mo ang iyong damdamin
Ang himig ay dinggin mo
Itoy awit na inaalay sa iyo
Sanay maibigan mo.
Chorus:
Ohh, dinggin mo ang himig
Ohh, dinggin mo ang himig
Aawitin sa iyo
Habang merong tinig
II-
Sa saliw ng aking gitara sinta
Hayaan mong awitan kita
Habang ang buwan sa langit bata pa
At ang bituin may ningning pa
(Ulitin ang Chorus 2x)
III-
Ang boses ko ay namamaos na
Mga kamay koy pagod na
Ang manok sa bukid ay gising na
Hanggang sa muling pagkikita
(Ulitin ang Chorus 2x)"
"2316" "1st stanza
Atin cu pung singsing
Metung yang timpucan
Amana que iti
Qng indung ibatan
Sancan queng sininup
Qng metung a caban
Mewala ya iti
E cu camalayan!
2nd stanza
Ing sucal ning lub cu
Susucdul qng banua
Picurus cung gamat
Babo ning lamesa
Ninu mang manaquit
Qng singsing cung mana
Calulung pusu cu
Manginu ya caya!
Repeat 1st stanza 2x"
"2317" "Sa bawat yugto ng buhay, may wasto at may mali
Sa bawat nilalang ay may bulag, may pipi at may bingi
Madilim ang 'yong paligid, hating-gabing walang hanggan
Anyo at kulay ng mundo sa 'yo'y pinagkaitan
H'wag mabahala, kaibigan, isinilang ka mang ganyan
Isang bulag sa kamunduhan, ligtas ka sa kasalanan
[Chorus]
'Di nalalayo sa 'yo ang tunay na mundo
Marami sa ami'y nabubuhay nang tulad mo
'Di makita, 'di madinig, minsa'y nauutal
Patungo sa hinahangad na buhay na banal
Ibigin mo mang umawit, hindi mo makuhang gawin
Sigaw ng puso't damdamin wala sa 'yong pumapansin
Sampung daliri, kaibigan, d'yan ka nila pakikinggan
Pipi ka man nang isinilang, dakila ka sa sinuman
[Chorus]
'Di nalalayo sa 'yo ang tunay na mundo
Marami sa ami'y nabubuhay nang tulad mo
'Di makita, 'di madinig, minsa'y nauutal
Patungo sa hinahangad na buhay na banal
Ano sa 'yo ang musika, sa 'yo ba'y mahalaga
Matahimik mong paligid, awitan ay 'di madinig
Mapalad ka, o kaibigan, napakaingay ng mundo
Sa isang binging katulad mo, walang daing, walang gulo
[Chorus]
'Di nalalayo sa 'yo ang tunay na mundo
Marami sa ami'y nabubuhay nang tulad mo
'Di makita, 'di madinig, minsa'y nauutal
Patungo sa hinahangad na buhay na banal
'Di makita, 'di madinig, minsa'y nauutal
Patungo sa hinahangad na buhay na banal"
"2318" "I
Ako ang nakikita
Ako ang nasisisi
Ako ang laging may kasalanan
Paggising sa umaga
Sermon ang almusal
Bago pumasok sa eskwela
Kapag nangangatwiran
Ako'y pagagalitan
'Di ko alam ang gagawin
Ako'y sunud-sunuran
Ayaw man lang pakinggan
Nasasaktan ang damdamin
REFRAIN
Ako'y walang kalayaan
Sunod sa utos lamang
II
Paggaling sa eskwela
Diretso na ng bahay
Wala naman akong aabutan
Wala doon si Nanay
Wala doon si Tatay
Katulong ang naghihintay
Tatawag ang barkada
Sa kanila'y sasama
Lagot na naman paglarga
At 'pag nangangatwiran
Ako'y pagagalitan
'Di ko alam ang gagawin
[Repeat REFRAIN]
[Repeat I]
[Repeat REFRAIN]
Ako ang nakikita
Ako ang nasisisi
Ako ang laging may kasalanan"
"2319" "Oh, then tell me Sean O'Farrell,
tell me why you hurry so.
Hush me Buchall hush and listen,
and his cheeks were all a-glow.
I bear orders from the captain,
Get you ready quick and soon,
For the pikes must be together
By the Rising of the Moon.
Chorus:
By the Rising of the Moon,
By the Rising of the Moon,
For the pikes must be together
By the Rising of the Moon.
Oh, then tell me Sean O'Farrell
Where the gathering is to be.
In the old spot by the river,
Right well known to you and me.
One more word for signal token,
Whistle up the marching tune.
With your pike upon your shoulder
By the Rising of the Moon.
Chorus:
By the Rising of the Moon,
By the Rising of the Moon,
With your pike upon your shoulder
By the Rising of the Moon.
Out of many a mud wall cabin
Eyes were watching thru' the night.
Many a manly heart was throbbing
For the coming morning light.
Murmers ran along the valley,
Like the banshee's lonely croon,
And a thousand pikes were flashing
By the Rising of the Moon.
Chorus:
By the Rising of the Moon,
By the Rising of the Moon,
And a thousand pikes were flashing
By the Rising of the Moon.
There beside the singing river
That dark mass of men were seen,
Far above their shining weapons hung
Their own beloved green.
Death to every foe and traitor,
Forward strike the marching tune,
And hurrah me boys for freedom,
Tis the Rising of the Moon.
Chorus:
Tis the Rising of the Moon,
Tis the Rising of the Moon,
And hurrah me boys for freedom,
Tis the Rising of the Moon."
"2320" "In the middle of everything I started to see
You said you were a beekeeper, but I heard no bees
I asked you where do you get your honey
You said darling I'm a beekeeper, I'm up to my knees.
Oh I'm a lonely sailor on a sinking boat
Sometimes I think I'm a mermaid but I never float
You asked me why I didn't send you a note
I threw my pen in the gutter with what I wrote.
Oh, oh, just like a dove on a bay riverside with a little black crow.
Wanna know all of the ribs on your cage.
Tell you that a part of me lives in you, and I'm a goddamn fool
Make your move or get out of the game.
At the end of the tunnel I can see the light
I promised you I wouldn't go down without a fight
I know it won't always be black and white
'Cause there are demons and things that go bump in the night.
So swallow your bitter pill
You said you were a thrill seeker but what's your thrill?
It's the way you walk, it's the way you stand still
And the way that you look at me and always will.
Hey, today's the day, are you ready to fall, are you ready to jump
From a plane with a stranger on your back
High in the sky, you look back and where am I at - I'm a man in disguise
Tongue-tied you started to crack
Started to crack and the sky's turning black
And I'm stuck in you like a thumbtack
Between my legs and my arms you're alarmed
And I won't hurt you just want to charm you.
Wanna be there, and I wanna be there
I won't let you go
A beekeeper a thrill seeker
Hit the ground running,\"Told you so\""
"2321" ""
"2322" ""
"2323" ""
"2324" ""
"2325" ""
"2326" ""
"2327" "Look out, look out
Here I come now
Fists out
I'm a fighter bird
I'm a harrier hawk
A wild flock
I keep time by the city clock
When the moon is steady
I'll find you
I'm not lucky
And I'm not scared
There could be a goldmine anywhere
Anyone that I might want in this world
They're asleep in the arms of another girl
Who will they be when the lights come up?
Everyone that I ever loved in my life
Now calls somebody else their wife
Who am I to you?
Get up, get up
Get it together and climb on up
To the top of the tree
I'm an owl now, a lonely owl
Who, who, where, what, why, when
How the hell'd I get this far without you?
Pull my feathers on by one
Put'em in your pocket when I'm gone
Anyone that I might want in this world
They're asleep in the arms of another girl
Who will they be when the lights come up?
Everyone that I ever loved in my life
Now calls somebody else their wife
Who am I to you?
Who am I to you?
Am I just anyone?
Am I the only one?
Who am I to you?
Am I just anyone?
Am I the only one?
Come on, come on
Put me back together, let me soldier on
I'm the king of it all
I'm a little wren
I'm happiest when I hitch a ride on the wing of a friend
Looking down on everything then
When the road gets weary love
Remember who I'm dreaming of"
"2328" ""
"2329" ""
"2330" "Kuo malu 'aki ai 'a e po
Ta'ahine pea ongo mai ho le'o
Hange ha vai kau'aki ki hoku loto
Hey girl, kou 'ofa au 'I ho sino
Hengihengi, pea ma'a 'e 'aho
'Ofa'anga, siofia he langi toto
Tuku ai a keu luva 'eku manako
Hey girl, kou 'ofa au 'I ho sino
Fofonga malimali ko e kakala fungani
Ka e 'avea 'a e sino ni koe me'a mamahi
Tau mai a keke 'ilo'I a mai
Ko e unaloto koe me'a fakavale atamai
Hey girl, kou 'ofa au 'I ho sino
Hengihengi, pea ma'a 'e 'aho
'Ofa'anga, siofia he langi toto
Tuku ai a keu luva 'eku manako
Fofonga malimali ko e kakala fungani
Ka e 'avea 'a e sino ni koe me'a mamahi
Tau mai a keke 'ilo'I a mai
Ko e unaloto koe me'a fakavale atamai"
"2331" "It's hard to explain
The hardships and pain
That true lovers must endure
That's for sure
I have my regrets
But much more than that
This special love we must secure
More and more
There's no better feelin'
Than when I rise up to see the morning sun
And watch the sunrise in you eyes
You're like the summer breeze
When I'm going through my winter time
So baby take this love of mine
'Cause anything you want, girl
I will give it to you
Anything you need, girl
My heart will be so true
Anything you want, girl
I will give it to you
Anything you need, girl
My heart will always be true to you
They say once you're bit, you're twice as shy
I have no reason to ask you why, why oh why
We must understand the ultimate plan
Is that we live a happy life
In the by and by
There's no better feelin'
Than when I rise up to see the morning sun
And watch the sunrise in you eyes
You're like the summer breeze
That comes to me in the winter time
So honey, I hope you realize
'Cause anything you want, girl
I will give it to you
Anything you need, girl
My heart will always be true
Anything you want, girl
I will surely give it to you
Anything you need, girl
My heart will always be true to you"
"2332" "I'm in the mood for lovin' baby all night
Some a dem a player haters don't see why
Why dem a try fe get de F.I.J.I.
Dey know that we rock it so, so
Worry dem worry 'bout Fiji,
Fiji nah worry 'bout dem
Be dema be where 'cause dem fight and dem fret
I n I will stand up and fight like lion
We be the 'G's dem talking 'bout fe Armageddon
Tribal War,
It's a war, it's a war, it's a war
Tribal War,
It's a war, it's a war, it's a war
You don't have to be rough and rugged
You must love not violence
We know dat judgement a fe fall on evil men
I await dem day of Atonement come
When dem shall see da Armageddon
Is no joke fe me
I await dem sittin' pun de riddim and prophesy
All me wan fe do is testify,
Watchin' every knee shall bow and
Every tongue confess,
One thing dem can't understand dat
De Almighty came as a man
See aka de will is for his children to come home
Tribal War,
It's a war, it's a war, it's a war
Tribal War,
It's a war, it's a war, it's a war
(Tribal Breakdown) (Translation)
Era veilelayaki na gone ni kua, Today children are lost
Ra luveni yali ra lomarua, and confused. Warning
Na domo ni biukila rogo, signs are sounding the
Sa na mai tagi tu nikua trumpets of the end times.
Not a minute goes by today
Will I be shy to say
That I bow down and pray to Almighty,
makin' sure everything is alrighty,
When the day come we killuminati,
Stop all the bloodclot fight and fuss
When the day comes you be bitin' the dust
True warriors can't fuss with us
Keep your mouth runnin'
You be feelin da bust
Worry dem worry 'bout Fiji,
Fiji nah worry 'bout dem
Be dema be where 'cause dem fight and dem fret
I n I will stand up and fight like lion
We be the 'G's dem talking 'bout fe Armageddon
Tribal War,
It's a war, it's a war, it's a war
We be the 'G's dem talking 'bout fe Armageddon
Tribal War,
It's a war, it's a war, it's a war
Tribal War,
It's a war, it's a war, it's a war"
"2333" "Sittin' in the morning sun
I'll be sittin' when the evening comes
Watchin' the ships roll in
And I watch 'em roll away again
Sittin' on the dock of the bay
Watchin' the tide roll away
Sittin' on the dock of the bay
Wasting time
I left my home back in Fiji
Headin' for the Turtle Bay
I had nothing to live for
Look like nothing's gonna come my way
Sittin' on the dock of the bay
Watchin' the tide roll away
Sittin' on the dock of the bay
Wasting time
Looks like ain't nothin' gonna change
Everything still remains the same
I can't do what ten people tell me to do
So I guess I'll remain the same
I'm sittin' here restin' my bones
And this loneliness won't leave me alone
Six thousand miles I've flown
Just to make this rock my home
Sittin' on the dock of the bay
Watchin' the tide roll away
Sittin' on the dock of the bay
Wasting time"
"2334" "Chorus:
When the sun goes down
Me and my baby got a Smokin' Session
And then I'll take her
On a night out of town
We'll have a good time tonight
Thought I was lonely
'Til I met you baby
Thought I was just a man
Who'd never find love
What I really wanted
Was to be loved by someone
Now that you're here
I just can't wait no longer
(Chorus)
Baby understand me
I need you right now
I've been going through
Some hardships and trials
Oh, I need this kinda
Love you givin' me
No one else can make me
Feel this free
(Chorus)
(Rap by Mr. Re)
(Chorus)"
"2335" "I know that we mutually agree, for better, for worse, unconditionally.
Time and space did not allow us to succeed the way
That we thought that our love life would be.
Every time I see that smile on your face
It brings me so much joy in my heart.
Takes me back to the very first time when you said you wanted us to stop.
Lady I apologize, for all those lonely days and
Those restless nights without me by your side.
And when you cry, cause my insensitivity
Didn't see the signs, when all I wanted was to make you smile.
She was the bestest, top of me checklist,
Love, time, dedication well invested.
So this for mommy loves so dear, and you can't get no satisfaction,
No longer here with me. But it was only meant to set your heart free,
Cause what me offered you would not let us be.
Can't believe that our reality is just a memory.
Every time I see that smile on your face it brings me so much joy in my heart.
Takes me back to the very first time when you said you wanted us to stop.
Lady I apologize, for all those lonely days
And those restless nights without me by your side.
And when you cry, cause my insensitivity didn't see the signs,
When all I wanted was to make you smile.
All I wanted, all I wanted. Lady I apologize,
For all those lonely days and those restless nights without me by your side.
And when you cry, cause my insensitivity didn't see the signs,
When all I wanted was to make you smile."
"2336" "My baby knows me
The good, bad, and gross things I never like to tell
And those places deep inside
Those shameful retreats of mind
That she can always seem to find
Oh she knows all the roads I am prone to wander
She knows all the rocks I've been crawling under
She knows all the places I can be found
She knows her way around
My baby loves me
Despite the ugly words I throw her way
And she still wins every fight
No matter if she's right
She sees right through me every time
Oh she knows all the roads I am prone to wander
She knows all the rocks I've been crawling under
She knows all the places I can be found
She knows her way around
I wouldn't have it another way
She calms my fears and keeps me safe
When someone gets you it gets you sane
It's good to know that I am known
She knows all the roads I am prone to wander
She knows all the rocks I've been crawling under
She knows all the places I can be found
She knows her way around
She knows all the roads I am prone to wander
She knows all the rocks I've been crawling under
She knows all the places I can be found
She knows her way around
Yeah, she knows her way around"
"2337" "coming down the dirt road through the town tonight
there is a crowd around i can feel it breathe
more than a thousand souls out in the night
i get so blinded i can see
smoke is rising from the fire that burns
sky is purple and the water rise
people talking quiet as they start to learn
to see with their own eyes
their lives and our lives different as any other
my pain is your pain tell me, do you want to go under?
you will feel it when the night starts burning
feet shuffle on that day
when we're going to find what we're going to be fighting
come again
you will feel it when the night starts burning
makes you want to stay
light will fill your eyes
we got the seeds of life
hidden in our hands
blinded by ourselves though can't you see that
we've got the seeds of life do you understand?
and hear the calling
you've got love though
love we got inside
it's time to open our eyes and really wonder
and really wonder
if it's enough for all we need in life
can you take me back, can you take me back?"
"2338" "Layin up in bed, all night with you again
Yeah we hide from the next day
Cos we know we know that I,
in the end I really can't stay
Pleasure & pain are both the same and love is just a losing game
Wanting to give it all but 'fraid to lose it if it falls apart
We hold each other, but we hold back
Yeah we enclose each other, then we step back
I can see it in your eyes, you need to hold on to your life
Not run away in my dreams of paradise
You're wise, you say that I'm
A Butterfly Man, I'm just a Butterfly Man
Today I'm yours but tomorrow when I'm gone, you'll understand
Butterfly Man, I'm just a Butterfly Man
Holding me mama can't you see's like a hand full of sand
So now before I go away
If I could seal your heart
Keep inside the feelings of today, I'd be
Keeping the fire burning til the moment I return to see you
But the only problem is I cannot promise anything
We hold each other, but we hold back
Yeah we enclose each other, then we step back
I can see it in your eyes, you need to hold on to your life
Not run away in my dreams of paradise
You're wise, you say that I'm
A Butterfly Man, I'm just a Butterfly Man
Today I'm yours but tomorrow when I'm gone, you'll understand
Butterfly Man, I'm just a Butterfly Man
Holding me mama can't you see's like a hand full of sand"
"2339" "Standing on the bridge
waiting for the sun to rise
I get the feeling that I'm never gonna get my mind
back and I don't mind my feet are on the ceiling
and my big fat juicy heart is bleeding.
Blood's a runnin like the Nile,
down the hall
you start to cry and drop the knife
as I begin to crawl
towards the piano
you're still standing in the door
tell me I'm dying baby, Yeah, I know.
Now you look like an angel with the mercy of love.
To pure to be from below to wicked to be from above.
You come over
so I can feel your heartbeat inside your chest
give me a kiss that tastes (like) cheap
wine and cigarettes.
And the red blood's still spreading everywhere, it's in your pretty little hands and it's in your black hair.
Things go black
and then we're in a place so serene,
swimming in a deep blue canyon mountain stream. Out of the water sitting looking in each other's eyes
your rusty wet lips and brown skin look so nice.
Then a feeling, a vision,
I never had before like I was you & you were me
and we were sitting on heavens floor.
And I still see it baby,
even though the time,
it takes, is weighing on me
Hey hey, mama hey hey
Standing on the bridge"
"2340" "Where did you go?
Baby, no, no, no,
Where did you go, my mystery?
I'm right here,
You left me alone,
You are the seed,
You left me to drown,
I am your ecstasy,
I can't feel no pain,
You are the need,
I can't feel nothing but memories,
Chasing the beast,
So where are you now,
I'm ready to feed,
To feed inside you,
Sleep in the clouds,
And dream, still shining down on me,
And pieces underneath,
Cause half of me is gone,
We are the blood,
Half of me is gone,
We are the bone,
Half of me is gone,
We are the floor,
Half of me is gone,
We are complete, so we are complete,
I'll be your cuts,
And you'll be my mandolin,
You took the purest part of me,
Follow me, you and me,
You made me my own worst enemy,
Your own worst enemy,
Six billion followers, follow me,
You made me my own worst enemy,
Cause we are the blood,
And we are the bone,
And we are the flesh,
Baby you and me,
You may find me excreting hormones,
Directly into your circulatory system,
Delivering oxygen, reaching,
Every cell, every cell,
Cause half of me is gone,
I'm inside you,
Half of me is gone,
I'm inside you,
Half of me is gone,
Oh feed me, feed me, baby,
Half of me is gone,
Woah oh!
Cause we are the blood (baby please wake up),
We are the flesh,
And we are the bones (baby please wait for me now),
Yeah you're all of me,
We are the blood,
We are the flesh,
We are the bone,
Yeah you're all of me,
Follow me, follow me, follow me,
Yeah you're all of me."
"2341" "   
    
   
  
   
   
   
 
   
     
   
 
   
   
    
 
   
   
,    ..
   
,    
,     ..
    
,    
,     ..  
   
,   
,    
..  "
"2342" "Ne sen leyla' sn ne de ben mecnun
Ne sen yorgun ne de ben yorgun
Kederli bir akam imiiz sarhouz hepsi bu
Hep sonradan gelir aklm bama hep sonradan sonradan
Hep sonradan gelir aklm bama hep sonradan
Hep sonradan gelir aklma hep sonradan, sonradan
Hep sonradan gelir aklm bama, hep sonradan
Ne sen bulutsun ne de ben yamur
Ne sen marur ne de ben marur
Hznl bir akam susmuuz durgunuz hepsi bu
Hep sonradan gelir aklm bama, hep sonradan, sonradan
Hep sonradan gelir aklm bama, hep sonradan
Hep sonradan gelir aklma, hep sonradan, sonradan
Hep sonradan gelir aklm bama, hep sonradan."
"2343" ""
"2344" ""
"2345" ""
"2346" ""
"2347" ""
"2348" "Mahur Beste
enlik dald bir ac yel kald bahede yalnz
O mahur beste alar Mjgan'la ben alarz
Gitti dostlar len bitti ne eski heyecan ne hz
Yalnz kederli yalnzlmz da sral srasz
O mahur beste alar Mjgan'la ben alarz
Bir yangn ormanndan pskrm gen fidanlard
Gneten k yontarlard sert adamlard
Hoyratt glleri aydnl alkalard
Gittiler akam olmadan ortalk karard
Bitmez sazlarn zlemi daha sonra daha sonra
Sonrann bilinmezlii bir boyut katar ki onlara
Simsiyah bir teselli olur belki kalanlara
Geceler uzar hazrlk sonbahara"
"2349" "Turkish original lyrics:
Kum gibi
Martilar aglardi copluklerde
Biz seninle gulusurduk
Sehirlere bombalar yagardi her gece
Biz durmadan sevisirdik
Acimasiz olma simdi bu kadar
Dun gibi dun gibi cekip gitme
Birak da sarilayim ayaklarina
Kum gibi kum gibi ezip gecme
Sonbahar damlardi damlarimiza
Biz seninle sararirdik
Aydinlansin diye su kirli yuzler
Biz durmadan savasirdik
Acimasiz olma simdi bu kadar
Dun gibi dun gibi cekip gitme
Birak da sarilayim ayaklarina
Kum gibi kum gibi ezip gecme
English translate lyrics:
LIKE SAND
The gulls used to cry in the garbage dump.
We were smiling with you.
The bombs used to drop in the city every night.
We used to make love without stopping.
Now don't be so cruel.
Don't go away like yesterday, yesterday.
Let me hug, let me be wrapped around your feet.
Don't crush(mash) me like sand.
The fall(autumn) used to drip on our drop.
We used to turn yellow with you
in order to illuminate(clean) these dirty faces.
We used to fight without stopping."
"2350" ""
"2351" ""
"2352" "It was wintertime I was watching the boys shoot rockets at the girls
January, New Year and I'm watching the northern lights swirl
You were in Nowhere, Massachusetts
You were in Nowhere, Massachusetts
Now I'm in New York City and I'm watching the birds and the dogs
All the ladies laughing and men with their dirty thoughts
You were in Nowhere, Massachusetts
You were in Nowhere, Massachusetts
It was wintertime I was watching the boys shoot rockets at the girls
January, New Year and I'm watching the northern lights swirl
You were in Nowhere, Massachusetts
You were in Nowhere, Massachusetts
You were in Nowhere
You were in Nowhere
You were in Nowhere
You were in Nowhere, Massachusetts"
"2353" "When you're home
TV on with aching
Ashes burned down
A child cries
What are you on?
I can't stand the days
To live in this place
All I want for you is one more song
In the evening, lately
In the evening, lately
I've been needing more than
What you gave me
What did we do?
Now we're on the road to nowhere
And the only way to save you
Is let go.
What are you on?
I was only on the wayside
And the only way to save us
Was let go.
In the evening, lately
In the evening, lately
I've been needing more than
What you gave me
In the evening, lately
In the evening, lately
In the evening, lately
I've been needing more than
What you gave me"
"2354" ""
"2355" ""
"2356" ""
"2357" ""
"2358" "I am the rain too cool
Late in the evening
I am the morning blue
Before birds sing
Hot in the afternoon
When I've nothing left
When I'm tempted to
Wake you from your rest
Wake you from your rest
I am your rock of ages
I am your rock of ages
I am your rock of ages
I am your rock of ages
I am the river wide
Cross me never
I am the mountainside
All kinds of weather
All kinds of weather
I am your rock of ages
I am your rock of ages
I am your rock of ages
I am your rock of ages
I am your rock of ages
I am your rock of ages
I am your rock of ages
I am your rock of ages
I am the rain too cool
Late in the evening"
"2359" ""
"2360" ""
"2361" ""
"2362" ""
"2363" ""
"2364" "How do you ruin me?
How do you ruin me?
How do you ruin me?
In the way that you gave it all,
In the way that you took it back
In the way that you are your own,
In the way that I wanna make you mine
How do you ruin me?
How do you ruin me?
How do you ruin me?
In the way that I am my own,
In the way that I am undone,
In the way that you wish for more,
In the way I wanna make you mine
How do you ruin me?
How do you ruin me?
How do you ruin me?
Ah
Ah
In the way that you are your own,
In the way that I am mine
In the way that I want to make you
How do you ruin me?
How do you ruin me?
How do you ruin me?
How do you ruin me? (ah)
How do you ruin me? (ah)
How do you ruin me? (ah)"
"2365" ""
"2366" ""
"2367" ""
"2368" ""
"2369" ""
"2370" ""
"2371" ""
"2372" ""
"2373" ""
"2374" ""
"2375" ""
"2376" "Last Night I couldn't sleep
The bed felt awful cold
You say you want some space
You say you want some space
You won't pick up the phone
I never said that I was easy
Always pushing for the best
Well that's just because i believe
I believe in you baby
And this i must confess
You make me happy
You make me happy
You shouldn't be alone
Baby come on home
And make me happy
Your hiding in the corner
You've got nothing to hide
You think i'd let you close
You think i'd let you close
If you weren't good on the inside
And I see how you try
I want you all the time
You think your wings are broken
Your wings they aren't broken
I wish you wouldn't fold them
You make me happy
You make me happy
You shouldn't be alone
Baby come on home
And make me happy"
"2377" ""
"2378" ""
"2379" ""
"2380" ""
"2381" ""
"2382" ""
"2383" ""
"2384" ""
"2385" ""
"2386" ""
"2387" ""
"2388" ""
"2389" ""
"2390" ""
"2391" ""
"2392" ""
"2393" ""
"2394" ""
"2395" ""
"2396" ""
"2397" ""
"2398" ""
"2399" ""
"2400" "Det eneste hun nskede sig
Var en solskindsdag, Skyfri himmel
En problemfri time i, gode venners lag
dru men svimmel
Svimmel af glde s glad for lidt fred
DetIkke al verden at nske sig det
Men hun ved, der skal noget srligt til
For tiden er det ikke sdan livet er
Det var ikke sdan det skulle vre
Det var ikke sdan det skulle bli
Hun drmte som lille om en, meget bedre tid
Hun drmte om det gode hun aldrig fik
Alt skulle blive godt hvis bare hun ku slippe vk
Det blev aldrig sdan
Man bliver sret af alt for mange svigt
Det eneste hun nskede sig
Var en solskindsdag, Skyfri himmel
En problemfri time i, gode venners lag
dru men svimmel
Svimmel af glde s glad for lidt fred
DetIkke al verden at nske sig det
Men hun ved, der skal noget srligt til
For tiden er det ikke sdan livet er
Det gr ondt, og lyset er ingen ven
Der er tryggest i mrket med gardinerne trukket hen
Det er ikke altid at alt er lige godt at se
Det er svrt at sende lys til det man roder med
Det var ikke sdan det skulle vre
Men mrket har et grdigt begr
Det er tungt at tage tilbage
Til en barndom som er tabt
For hvert mislykkede forsg
Bliver man bare mere forladt"
"2401" ""
"2402" ""
"2403" ""
"2404" ""
"2405" ""
"2406" ""
"2407" ""
"2408" ""
"2409" ""
"2410" ""
"2411" ""
"2412" ""
"2413" ""
"2414" ""
"2415" ""
"2416" ""
"2417" ""
"2418" ""
"2419" ""
"2420" ""
"2421" ""
"2422" ""
"2423" ""
"2424" ""
"2425" ""
"2426" "Our words, like a wounded soldier
No guilt to cry
We both know
Patience won't stop the accusations
Your tongues' afire
We both know
It's a long haul
From both sides of the sea
But we both know
A steep fall
Hanging by a thread, Oh
But we both know
We both know
Forward
Following the sunburn
'Til you raise the wrong words
We both know
Bright eyes
Shimmering in the tail-lights
We hit the brakes, and collide
We both know
It's a long haul
From both sides of the sea
But we both know
A steep fall
Hanging by a thread, Oh
But we both know
We both know
Steep fall
Hanging by a thread, Oh
All the lies that we sold
We both know
Free fall
All the lies that we sold
Watch 'em from afar, Oh
We both know
We both know
We both know
We both know
We both know"
"2427" ""
"2428" "No lights
On the radar screen
From your heights
Trying not to be seen
With your sub machine
You shoot to kill
Chase
Chase the meteor
Without luck
Of the streets we part
Of all the peace keepers
It's your kind of waltz
Squeeze through the sky
You're another ghost rocket
I know who you are
Beast in disguise
You're another ghost rocket
I know who you are
I know who you are
Wings
It takes no wings at all
For a bomb
Or an angel to fall
You deceived you denied
Those beautiful eyes
Squeeze through the sky
You're another ghost rocket
I know who you are
Beast in disguise
You're another ghost rocket
I know who you are
I know who you are
I know who you are
You're another ghost
I know who you are
You're another ghost rocket
I know who you are
You're another ghost rocket
I know who you are"
"2429" "We're all gods in the new age
On our knees in the new age
Sucking blood in the new age
Lock your hearts
Lock the bedroom doors
She took her feet in the new age
Off the ground in the new age
Rebel guns in the new age
Lock your hearts
Lock the bedroom doors"
"2430" ""
"2431" ""
"2432" ""
"2433" "Monday you'll be on your own
When the bars come out to play
Monday morning silver tongues
The sounds of yesterday
Will no longer hurt I deem
Forget the sorrow melody
You will get high on your lows
That's the joy of trampolines
Monday you're at lines
Monday you're at lines
Monday you'll be fine
Monday you'll be on your own
When the bars come out to play
Monday morning combat zone
First to find the cat away"
"2434" "Early morning
Summer dew
Yellow empress
What 's life to you
Be my downfall, shattered sun
Heavy flowers, we become
Cut the grey ropes
That keep me tied
Through your cheek holes
We'll watch the night
Be my downfall, shattered sun
Heavy flowers
These dying hours
Heavy flowers
We rise, we fall, spill the wine
Lets break our hearts and dance tonight
Sing it like you never sung before
Tell the girls and tell the gents
No more need now to pretend
Sing it like you never sung before
Be my downfall, shattered sun
Heavy flowers, we become
These dying hours, heavy flowers
Light my day, light my way"
"2435" ""
"2436" "She lives in madhouses, in war museums too
She reads dinosaur books, and books on Jesus too
She sings at big time rallies, the smart tunes go la la la la
The key to the city is in the way she moves
To me to me to me
She lives in shipwrecked cars, in whore houses too
She talks to elephants, trying to get them to
Sing along, sing along my darling
The smart kids go la la la la
The secret in her eyes, oh when she moves
To me [x4]
She talks to elephants, trying to get them to
Sing along"
"2437" "Grab a long goodbye
Desperate for a lie
Put my head on your plate
She trades her suite for grace
Before the waves crash down
Wash away our sin
Her beautiful rage
Coming off the stage
Waiting for the big one to
Come and rip your heart in two
Never wasted on
Sing into the curtain call
Turn off the lights before the night falls
Sentence like a man
Slapped you in the face
Like two lying poems count
Hurt your cold embrace
Emergency broadcast
Its's coming in, coming in fast
She lands a sunday punch
She lands a sunday punch
Waiting for the big one to
Come and rip your heart in two
Never wasted on
Sing into the curtain call
Turn off all the lights before the night falls
Waiting for the big one to
Come and rip your heart in two
Never wasted on
She lands a sunday punch
She lands a sunday punch
She lands a sunday punch
She lands a sunday punch
She lands a sunday punch"
"2438" "Save
Save grace for leap day
No room for tears
Outside this door
Go
Please daddy I'll show
My Friday night bruises
I will fight this war
Our home feels like a foreign land
A land not safe from torment
The promises of no man's land
We'll feel the sons and daughters
Who fear to cross the borders
In the promises of no man's land
Chorus
When the heat is on
If the heat is on
And the heat is on
It's your pride don't waste it all
Burn
Go and watch me burn
through the fire
I will return
Our home feels like a foreign land
A land not safe from torment
The promises of no man's land
We'll feel the sons and daughters
Who fear to cross the borders
In the promises of no man's land
Chorus
Chorus
Chorus"
"2439" "The promise
The taste of your lips
The 'of hope
Can you hear it, sweet Selene?
Girls from the shore are singing
Can you hear them, sweet Selene?
Any cold wind won't slow us down
We're coming closer to the sound
Any cold wind won't slow us down
The promise
The taste of your lips
The 'of hope
Can you hear it, sweet Selene?
Your toes in the dirt
And the change in the air
The old stars are dimming
Can you hear it, sweet Selene?
Any cold wind won't slow us down
We're coming closer to the sound
Any cold wind won't slow us
Any cold wind won't slow us
Don't change the lies of the poets
Any cold wind won't slow us
We're coming closer to the sound
Cold wind blows in the dark
We don't mind, travelling far, sweet Selene
Cold wind blows in the dark
We don't mind, travelling far, sweet Selene"
"2440" ""
"2441" ""
"2442" ""
"2443" "Flash-lit snaps of falling down
Put on your masks send in the clowns
Hold your breath, cut of your tongue
These are the streets of Babylon
Watch the smoke curl now from her mouth
Cover your eyes, cover your doubts
Don't look back, keep running on
These are streets of Babylon
See no, hear no, speak no
Babylon radio
See no, hear no, speak no
Nothing beats the happiness of believing your own lies
You hurry up to join the motorcade
On your way to the tiger cage
Spending all your money like it's '83
A, b, c, d, please retweet me
Watch the smoke curl now from her mouth
Cover your ears to mute the shouts
We are back where we belong
These are streets of Babylon
See no, hear no, speak no
Babylon radio
See no, hear no, speak no
Nothing beats the happiness of believing your own lies
Nothing beats the happiness of believing your own lies
Nothing beats the happiness of believing your own lies
Hey, hello, how do you do?
I can see your lips, moving slow
But I can't hear you"
"2444" ""
"2445" "Tonight, tonight we are the hollow
The hollow people from the bricks
The lights we keep it shallow
And you know it
And you need it
The lights, the lights like this just swallow
We laugh and breathe your dirty tricks
The times, these times erase tomorrow
And you want it
And you need it
Watch your mouth now the kids are around
Kids are around (x4)
Watch your mouth, the kids around(x2)"
"2446" ""
"2447" "You, Euphoria
Where did you go
Don't ever give up on me
You, Euphoria
You rise and fall
Don't ever give up on me
You, Euphoria
Where did you go
Don't ever give up on me
She's the breeze
She's the dirt the pale moon
She's the waves
She's the ebb and pull
She's the star
She's a dark chemical
Hey, she's the purple painted hills
She's a liquid that could kill
She's the chorus, the hands in the air
You, Euphoria
Where did you go
Don't ever give up on me
You, Euphoria
You rise and fall
Dont ever give up on me
You, Euphoria
Where did you go
Don't ever give up on me
She's the rage
She's the moss on the floor
She's a cage with wide open doors
She's the bowl to the flame on my lips"
"2448" ""
"2449" ""
"2450" ""
"2451" ""
"2452" ""
"2453" ""
"2454" ""
"2455" ""
"2456" ""
"2457" ""
"2458" ""
"2459" ""
"2460" ""
"2461" ""
"2462" ""
"2463" ""
"2464" ""
"2465" ""
"2466" ""
"2467" ""
"2468" ""
"2469" ""
"2470" "My garden is surrounded on all sides
By wrought iron, you can scale it if you try
Cause there's an oak tree with sturdy limbs
That you can climb and lower yourself in
And my garden is a little over grown
Cause it's been years since last the grass was mown
And the thistles well they come up past your ears
All my insecurities and fears
And my garden isn't doing so well these days
All my vegetables all wither and decay
And my flowers are wilted dying things
And those thistles are the undisputed king
And I slipped under the full moon
And I saw the end coming soon"
"2471" "What's all this confusion.
Why must life be so hard at times.
Is this an illusion or just broken nerves, that they push right before our eyes.
Chorus: And I love the way you love me (backround: love me)And I hate the way they don't even care anymore.(backround:I don't care)
Like shells in the ocean, waiting to wash up on your shores. Praying for safe hands to rescue you, from the sands that drag you down below.
Chorus: And I love the way you love me (love me)And I hate the way they don't even care anymore. And I don't care what they say (what they say)no I don't care what they say. And I don't care what they say,(what they say)no I don't care what they say.
You are the sun, you are the light, you are the only who can save me from this darkness that is my life.You are the sun, you are the light, you are the only who can save me, save me from myself.
Chorus: And I love the way you love me (love me)And I hate the way they don't even care anymore. And I don't care what they say (what they say)no I don't care what they say. And I don't care what they say,(what they say) no I don't care what they say.
(I dont care)"
"2472" ""
"2473" ""
"2474" ""
"2475" ""
"2476" ""
"2477" ""
"2478" ""
"2479" ""
"2480" ""
"2481" ""
"2482" "Are you still alive?
I can't tell. It's been a year. Nothing is clear anymore,
and it's like I keep flashing back to the days at the lake.
but I've got glass in my eye, and love's everywhere,
and it burns! I never saw her as a star.
This is not so clean, but your dirty.
I've got scars from fights but that don't mean anything!
Hey! and I'm still alive! (Not dead)
A big FUCK YOU! (I guess you forgot)
I don't care, so I hold on!
and maybe it's because (I can't repair)
I try way too hard to fix what is broken.
(I'm not broken) I never was....
(and I won't) I don't play by the rules...
(Play, I'll never play)
Too many shades of blue....I don't have a favorite anymore....
Time is a slut....Can you feel that thrust?
and I wanted someone to watch over me,
but I was only kidding me....
but I've got glass in my eye, and love's everywhere,
and it burns! I never saw her as a star.
This is not so clean, but your dirty.
I've got scars from fights but that don't mean anything!
Hey! and I'm still alive! (Not dead)
A big FUCK YOU! (I guess you forgot)
I don't care, so I hold on!
and maybe it's because (I can't repair)
I try way too hard to fix what is broken.
(I'm not broken) I never was....
(and I won't) I don't play by the rules...
(Play, I'll never play)
Too many shades of blue....I don't have a favorite anymore....
Time is a slut, I'm having fun burning all the letters....
I can imagine how you feel, but you don't listen,
we've been through this!
I'm not changing, I never will!
I can imagine how you feel, but you don't listen,
we've been through this!
I'm not changing, I never will!
I can imagine how you feel, but you don't listen,
we've been through this!
I'm not changing, I never will!
I can imagine how you feel, but you don't listen,
we've been through this!
I'm not changing, I never will!
Hey! and I'm still alive! (Not dead)
A big FUCK YOU! (I guess you forgot)
I don't care, so I hold on!
and maybe it's because (I can't repair)
I try way too hard to fix what is broken.
(I'm not broken) I never was....
(and I won't) I don't play by the rules...
(Play, I'll never play)
Too many shades of blue....I don't have a favorite anymore...."
"2483" "(Let's kick this shit up)
I peel off your skin
We arrive slightly torn
We catch glimpses of each plastic smile
I won't lie that first photo was hot
Now you pretend to be something you're not
You think you're so goddamn trendy (so pretty)
You never hear a word I say (no one cares)
You think you're everything to everyone
You're so big, you're such a big fucking star
That blinds me, you're on top of the world
And that kills me, I want to push you over the rail
Oh my god... (you're a poser)
Lets never fight, but that doesn't sound right
Pull the curtains tight (cover your head and die)
I have to come right
I'm coming right...
You think you're so goddamn trendy (so pretty)
You never hear a word I say (no one cares)
You think you're everything to everyone
You're so big, you're such a big fucking star
You think you're so goddamn trendy (so pretty)
You never hear a word I say (no one cares)
You think you're everything to everyone
You're so big, you're such a big fucking star
That blinds me, you're on top of the world
And that kills me, I want to push you over the rail
Oh my god..."
"2484" "And I remember a thought that maybe I shouldn't be going so fast in love,
I've drinking for so long, I always seem to kill everything.
It's like me saying I'm in love, when it's just not enough and
I pretend to be ok and I go a separate way
I remember the first things
And for the first time, it's like being a n00b in love
We slammed down hard on the brakes and I fell to the floor
But I pretend to be OK even though it hurts all the same
And maybe one day I'll black out these names
And remember the shiny things I gave...
It's like you kept making me sick, when I didn't wanna think
Give me the strongest drink, so I can black out
I remember the first things
And for the first time, it's like being a n00b in love
We slammed down hard on the brakes and I fell to the floor
But I pretend to be OK even though it hurts all the same
And maybe one day I'll black out these names
And remember the shiny things I gave...
Remember the shiny things
Like being used when I was a n00b...
Remember the shiny things
I'll break your face in the picture frames, nothing lost, nothing gained
Remember the shiny things
Like being used when I was a n00b...
Remember the shiny things
I'll break your face in the picture frames, nothing lost, nothing gained
And for the first time, it's like being a n00b in love
We slammed down hard on the brakes and I fell to the floor
But I pretend to be OK even though it hurts all the same
And maybe one day I'll black out these names
And remember the shiny things I gave..."
"2485" "I'm a beast! A cobweb hero.
I can feel the room breathing with rolled up dollar bills.
Reflecting in your crystal Chanel. You choose drugs over us.
I'm like blood on the asphalt.
And I stood! And watched the world go by...
My shelter, (torn apart) torn apart in a blink of an eye!
You're all I ever wanted! You're all I ever needed....to break!
You're so hardcore. You're like the smell of gasoline.
Another salty lesson of life. Loyal spiders tease with every step.
Like blood on the asphalt.
And I stood! And watched the world go by...
My shelter, (torn apart) torn apart in a blink of an eye!
You're all I ever wanted! You're all I ever needed!
So I stood and watched the whole world die!
Face to face....Embers rain like grenades...
You're all I ever wanted! You're all I ever needed...to break!
So long......
What did you say to me? To make me give in so easily!
I was invincible! (you took me far away....took me far away)
How did I manage without you for years and years?......
And I stood! And watched the world go by...
My shelter, (torn apart) torn apart in a blink of an eye!
You're all I ever wanted! You're all I ever needed!
So I stood and watched the whole world die!
Face to face....Embers rain like grenades...
You're all I ever wanted! You're all I ever needed...to break!
White Lines......(White lines...)
White Lines......(My destructive belief)
White Lines......(It was only a dream)
White Lines......(I'm not ready to let go)
OF EVERYTHING I KNOW......"
"2486" "When you wanted to leave, I wanted to stay....
but I left anyway to prove, to prove to you...
We were right for all the wrong reasons....
Cheapening....Cheating.....
Fuck happiness! She's a monster,
hiding from me! but I swore to you...
I'd do anything for you....
You left me out in the cold, knuckles punching the wall!
Cheapening....Cheating.....Suffocate.....
I'm never coming home! (another wounded bird)
Things are so different from what I know....
All the fucking memories! All the things you did to me!
(you're an enemy)
I'm never coming home!
I'll hurt what I hold!
Show me something beautiful....
And tragic, to remember the moment when I'm dying...
I'll haunt for an eternity!!!!
Cheapening....Cheating.....Suffocate....."
"2487" "This fight is endless....You know....
Cause even if you win this....
You've still lost control....of your soul in my hands....
When I find your bath of lies within....
You'll burst into flames....
These are the days of our lives.....
With the things you'd say overtime....
I wonder?
There's only so many times you can cut the same wound again.......
So I abuse her! I know it's wrong!
because I'm waiting for something better to come along.
My ears burned, from your empty words....
Things I stored underneath my chest plate....
and time after time, you lead me astray.....
These are the days of our lives.....
With the things you'd say overtime....
and I wonder?
There's only so many times you can cut the same wound again.......
So I abuse her! I know it's wrong!
because I'm waiting for something better to come along.
So I abuse her! To get me through!
and I medicate when you're not here
because I don't need you!"
"2488" "You kept good form.
and you're my black earth!
You swallow everything.
Angels cry...the eyes lie....
Hey pretty girl!
How you feel?
My black earth!
Love the way the capillaries burst.
Up in flames......when you move.
Hey pretty girl!
How you feel?
Can't gauge anything from him...
The way the capillaries burst, under skin.
She is the black earth.
Show the true reflections within.
The open air.
It's hard to gauge when you're out there.
and you're alone......
You can't gauge him, no way to talk him down.
Hey pretty girl!
How you feel?
My black earth!
Love the way the capillaries burst.
Up in flames......when you move.
Hey pretty girl!
How you feel?
Can't gauge anything from him...
The way the capillaries burst, under skin.
She is the black earth.
Show the true reflections within.
I tried to give you everything. Never thought it would be like this.
I tried my hardest to keep in the sin. Not much further you got to go....
I couldn't change. You're in the door way.
Do you want any memories? You're such a fucking pain.
I couldn't change. You're in the door way.
Do you want any memories? You're such a fucking pain.
My Black Earth, Black Earth....
Hey pretty girl!
How you feel?
My black earth!
Love the way the capillaries burst.
Up in flames......when you move.
Hey pretty girl!
How you feel?
Can't gauge anything from him...
The way the capillaries burst, under skin.
She is the black earth.
Show the true reflections within."
"2489" "I watched you burn by yourself.
Hoping I could be to the one,
to bring you back...To another road.
There's so much in this world
that you've never experienced in your life.
Everything was just taken away,
from all your happiness....
Just leave it alone.....Just leave me alone.....
Fuck you I will.....and I will..............
Fuck you I will.....and I will..............
There's so many things, that I wish I could do for you,
to take away the pain. You just wanted to find
someone that you could hold until you heart explodes,
but you don't know what I'm going through.
It's all the same, just another ploy...
To make this all a game and I absorb the pain.
What am I to do with someone that loses sight of everything
and falls away from me?
So why do I feel like a suicide?
You never wanted to fight, you never wanted to try.
So why do I feel like a suicide?
Give me back my life! I hope you die!!!!!
and I never learn! Just waiting for my time....
and I never learn! Just waiting for my time....
One more time before I die!
So why do I feel like a suicide?
You never wanted to fight, you never wanted to try.
So why do I feel like a suicide?
Give me back my life! I hope you die!!!!!
I hope you die! Give me back my life!
I hope you die! Give me back my life!
I hope you die! Give me back my life!
I hope you die! Give me back my life!"
"2490" "Let the prostitute breathe!
Under the concrete.
Where they can't find a strategy.
And I tell you look at me for awhile...
A Shot caller, Misery!
and it kills me.
The Stars crash down.
Prostitute.....You stole my dreams away....
(and the pearls I gave)
Why did I...Let you make me feel this way?
(Should've walked away)
Maybe I could cut your throat,
give you less hope.
In the end we're all afraid.
We float away (make me feel better).
Anemic in a world they say's insecure.
Full of disease....
I'm fighting my own.....crushed....
Prostitute.....You stole my dreams away....
(and the pearls I gave)
Why did I...Let you make me feel this way?
Prostitute.....You stole my dreams away....
(and the pearls I gave)
Why did I...Let you make me feel this way?
Gold digger....Put the gun in your mouth!
Gold digger....I'm a junkie from walking on burning ground!
Gold digger....and I choke from her perfume...
Gold digger....Harlet! and I feel so abused....
I'm sick of living, but I keep lying.....to myself.....
Prostitute.....You stole my dreams away....
(and the pearls I gave)
Why did I...Let you make me feel this way?
Prostitute.....You stole my dreams away....
(and the pearls I gave)
Why did I...Let you make me feel this way?"
"2491" "The nothing was never right.
The nothing is real.
and childhood hurts to remember.
You cried a sullen tear to release my fears in here.
I'm incapable of tears and I'll climb the ladder I fear.
Hoping I can find love but not in you! You!
Somehow I wish there was more to this....more to this!
and I corrupt it!
and I bury it!
and I breathe life into it!
When I need it!
This is my message to U!
Why do I feel forsaken?
When you're only teaching me.
What's the use in me?
To rape my memories?
To give me an eternal sting.
How do I compensate for the loss,
of a broken memory?
Somehow I wish there was more to this....more to this!
and I corrupt it!
and I bury it!
and I breathe life into it!
When I need it!"
"2492" "When the lights too bright, I'll crawl inside.
Funnel out every dark memory inside.
Only to let it back in when I can't make it right.
It's the condition of being tied too Closely.
I reach too far....
I can feel you strangle me....
I feel you strangle me.....
I liked the violence....When escaping life.....
Cause there's some places I don't belong,
like a parasite in the sunlight. Leave your mark and lift the veil.
I'm sold as is. I see her for what she is.....
I can feel you strangle me....(your talk is cheap)
I feel you strangle me....(and I'm so weak)
I feel you strangle me....(and I can't breathe)
I feel you strangle me....(I can't see)
In the silver and cold....I'm like a parasite in the sunlight...
I don't belong.....I crawl inside.....To Anyone....Just strangle me...
and now I can't breathe! I reached too far! Forsaken!
With your legs around my throat,
I strain and think of better days as I slip away......
Slip away into the silence...Pummeling the body...
It's so painful and erotic...There's no coming back to life.....
Slip away into the silence...Pummeling the body...
It's so painful and erotic...There's no coming back to life.....
In the silver and cold....I'm like a parasite in the sunlight...
I don't belong.....I crawl inside.....To Anyone....Just strangle me...
and now I can't breathe! I reached too far! Forsaken!
With your hands around my throat,
I strain and think of better days as I slip away......
I see her for what she is...and I cannot breathe....
Away into the cold....into the cold....You took everything....
Away into the cold....."
"2493" "It's uncomfortable...The situations...
I told you before...
They never end out good....
It's way down in the bone.....
The electrical impulses...
ah get torn off from the nerve.....
We are the nothings.....
Living half alive....
We are the nothings.....
Desensitized....
We are the nothings.....
Cause we don't feel a thing....
We don't feel a thing.....
I'm artificial! Look to the sky.
Satellite transmitter.....Killing me inside....I'm
living half alive, trying to put back a soul inside.
Living digital, nothings real at all!
It's a wonder we've made it this far.
I can feel you in the back of my head
tearing open the scars with a crowbar.
Nothing ever feels right anymore.
The contagions hide the lies in my arms.
We are the nothings.....
Living half alive....
We are the nothings.....
Desensitized....
We are the nothings.....
Cause we don't feel a thing....
We don't feel a thing.....
I'm artificial! Look to the sky.
Satellite transmitter.....Killing me inside....I'm
living half alive, trying to put back a soul inside.
Living digital, nothings real at all!"
"2494" "Choose your side...Don't calibrate....
Landing into your own shadow...
She twist it inward...
and let my wings burn...
Wrapped me in scars..
Now I'll do the dirty work....
Dark holes last forever...
Now I'll teach you what it means to live....
My parasites will eat your will away.
No sacred ground, you'll walk for days....
I'm sick and tired of your dead end games...
I want you....
The way you was....Another soul to steal....
I want you....
The way you was....Another soul to steal....
I breathed life into you....
Gave you what you need...
You're such a clich...
Well I hate your tattoos...
and I watch you bet muscle and skin...
Like ancient myths...
Getting caught up in the heads,
of the ones always scared.....
My parasites will eat your will away.
No sacred ground, you'll walk for days....
I'm sick and tired of your dead end games...
I want you....
The way you was....Another soul to steal....
I want you....
The way you was....Another soul to steal...."
"2495" "They told me to kill the things I loved most...
The ones I loved the most....
In the affection for the quality....
Nothing can ever tear you away from me....
I feel them coming near.....And engulfing me...
Thrown earthward! Held down because you can't feel me....
You don't believe....What they are capable of...
I am strung about...No voice left to shout....
So what if I....Talk to the dead...
I've already lost everything I had....(I've never had nothing)...
Visions of an endless snow....(I can't control)
I've lost control...(Sucked in the undertow)
Beautiful, empty, feelings.....
Catatonic eyes.....All the things we hide...
Another Revolver in mind...Dim lights and blurry faces....
Become the legions...Not easily replaced.....
I feel them coming near....and I get held down...
They tell me open...and no one hears me scream....
I am falling apart....Prescriptions running too low...
I can't close the gate....My eyes are changing....
So what if I....Talk to the dead...
I've already lost everything I had....(I've never had nothing)...
Visions of an endless snow....(I can't control)
I've lost control...(Sucked in the undertow)
Beautiful, empty, feelings.....
Stains.....Last forever.....
Stains.....Last forever....Catatonic eyes....
So what if I....Talk to the dead...
I've already lost everything I had....(I've never had nothing)...
Visions of an endless snow....(I can't control)
I've lost control...(Sucked in the undertow)
Beautiful, empty, feelings....."
"2496" "Hey Soul....There's alot you don't know.
How could you do that to me?
Attach yourself without warning!
I need to be numb.
For a little while, and make it ok.
Cut my soul away with razors and knives.
It's better to leave broke in this disease.
It Kills..(I suffocate)..Everything I try to be.
Leaves me empty...
Leaking gasoline.
Even though she wants me,
I'll take the morphine so I can't feel anything.
I need to be numb.
For a little while, and make it ok.
Cut my soul away with razors and knives.
It's better to leave broke in this disease. (I suffocate).....
Everything I try to be, leaves me empty...
leaves me empty...On skinned knees....First-String...
It may not matter anyway...
My heart...Another mental breakdown I pushed down.
Open up the set and make your move.
What colors your thread? The virus in the skin...
(She's got a virus in her skin)
Will you stitch me up to heal?
Like bridges with gaps that collapse and die?
Leaving me open, injecting poison...
Be still my beating heart....
It's better to leave broke in this disease.
I can't bare (I suffocate).....
Everything I try to be, leaves me empty...
leaves me empty...On skinned knees....First-String...
I've died a thousand deaths because I couldn't stop myself!
I've died a thousand deaths because I couldn't stop myself!"
"2497" "Gas Chambers...
Leading me down where the orchestras play...
The destruction...and symphonies
Violent songs to me....
The violent games that we play.....
Building castles in my mind.
Trebuchets in my eyes...
Monster! When you're out of line...
And the shrouds you build
doesn't make any sense at all....
And I hold it in....And I held it in....Just hold it in....
In my eyes, I'm not there.
Look at me! They've taken everything away from me.
In my eyes, I'm not there.
Look at me! They've taken everything away from me.
Take your pills!
I watched you build your barricades....
Now you look afraid....Tell me how you really feel!
Covered in white....I've been down for too long.
Now I'm ready to fight....So hollow inside!
And I hold it in....And I held it in....Just hold it in....
In my eyes, I'm not there.
Look at me! They've taken everything away from me.
In my eyes, I'm not there.
Look at me! They've taken everything away from me.
Taken everything away from me....Taken everything away from me....
Just give me space!
Let me feel everything! I'm tired of feeling this way.
God made me this way.... How can you judge anything?
You don't even know, you're not me! and I'm not there....
(no longer there)
In my eyes, I'm not there.
Look at me! They've taken everything away from me.
In my eyes, I'm not there.
Look at me! They've taken everything away from me.
Taken everything away from me....Taken everything away from me...."
"2498" "In the fog, I can't see much of anything.
I operate day to day like I'm dead.
but I got these faint feelings in my head, like your there.
Maybe you missed something I said.
(What's love?)
So what's this love? Is it inbred?
Or is it something you earn like street cred?
I've spent my years paying dues, Being fed all these stupid rules.
From every persons fucking point of view.
Nothing's true, but the glue that I use to dip my wounds into..
NOW, my skin is HARD and COLD.
A superficial yellow mold.
That I CONTROL.
I'm PLASTIC inside...
I won't ever be the afraid.
(I CONTROL) I'm PLASTIC inside.
Synthetically made!
(I CONTROL) I'm PLASTIC inside.
I won't ever be the afraid.
(I CONTROL) I'm PLASTIC inside.
(and I'm PLASTIC inside)
So I ripped it away......
These days I open my eyes but there's no light.
I keep reaching for the son, only to find, I'm not a chosen one.
I saw a girl with pretty eyes, but I know deep inside,
they're all hollow lies. Just like FRIENDS.
(FUCK THEM)
They like to suffocate with time.
Pretend to love you to the end and turn you out.
but ALL I NEED IS GLUE.
To DIP MY WOUNDS INTO.
NOW. My skin is HARD and COLD.
A superficial yellow mold.
That I CONTROL.
I'm PLASTIC inside...
I won't ever be the afraid.
(I CONTROL) I'm PLASTIC inside.
Synthetically made!
(I CONTROL) I'm PLASTIC inside.
I won't ever be the afraid.
(I CONTROL) I'm PLASTIC inside.
(and I'm PLASTIC inside)
So I ripped it away......
Plastic. (my skin was fragile)
Plastic. (absorbing all the stains)
WELL I'M PLASTIC! (my skin was fragile)
I'M PLASTIC!
Now it's COLD, HARD AND NUMBBBBBBBBBB!!!!"
"2499" "You're too weak for me to compensate...
Look at you embracing forever.
I gave you the world. I'm too cold to believe your shit anymore.
I'll white wash you. You reach for the sky.
It was never yours to deny.
I can't be anything, I can't be what I want.
All the things that I wanted it seems...
Just die in front of me.
You'll pay one day...
I took the cuts and scrapes, so thanks.
Because of you I know I'm not fucking fake.
(and nothing's real)
People tell you what they want you to believe inside. (Like)
I like you standing there.
I see you through the smoke, I see you through the trees.
I'll starve you like the rest in life.
I'll walk on evil ground.
I'll shank a loved one to bleed out.
I'll erase the things you've done wrong.
Because of all the dreams,
All the things that I wanted it seems...
Just die in front of me.
You'll pay one day...
I took the cuts and scrapes, so thanks.
Because of you I know I'm not fucking fake.
(and nothing's real)
I'll cut a loved one, that's all I know.
I'll rip their flesh from my marrow and bone.
It'll make me stronger!
Because, sometimes you get further alone.
You'll pay one day...
I took the cuts and scrapes, so thanks.
Because of you I know I'm not fucking fake.
(and nothing's real)
Because of you, I know I'm not fucking fake."
"2500" "The best moments....moments...
Build up over time.....
It's simple and exciting!
You and your big city life!
but I don't trust your stupid depth.....
Stay near.....You found me in the red zone....All alone...
but You're beautiful...
So trusting to give your wrist...
I know....I'm not in love....
I just want to make you feel right....
I use too...I know you...
You would do the same for me...
Overtime...Nothing lasts in the end.
It always dies.....
They say, I bruise too easily....
Is that the truth?
Like everything I know...Leads to combative forms...
I'll give you colors...Like you've never seen...
Just chip away the paint...For all to see....
but You're beautiful...
So trusting to give your wrist...
I know....I'm not in love....
I just want to make you feel right....
I use too...I know you...
You would do the same for me...
Overtime...Nothing lasts in the end.
It always dies....."
"2501" "Look at me when I'm talking to you!
Why can't you hear me say, look at my shoes...They're so heavy from following you down...
It's sad for me to see that you think you can do this all alone...
(Let me say...)
How does it feel to know your other half was abused out of love for you?
REMEMBER ME!
I had this moment of epiphany...
When the shot came from the dark of the one I envied!
With your late night confessions!
and your complex affections!
As I'm be-popping in this world, ain't nothing real! (Nothing is real!)
Ain't nothing ever going to go my way.
I keep looking at every angle trying to find a way to keep you at bay...
So Far Away!
The things you did set me back in my mind...
Some say the souls are built \"in the outs\"...
It's my indecision to fly...
Crush these binds that hold me in time again...
Stick your fingers in, but remember me when you die and cry again!
REMEMBER ME!
I had this moment of epiphany...
When the shot came from the dark of the one I envied!
With your late night confessions!
and your complex affections!
As I'm be-popping in this world, ain't nothing real! (Nothing is real!)
Ain't nothing ever going to go my way.
I keep looking at every angle trying to find a way to keep you at bay...
For so long I always wanted.....Someone who is real!
For so long I always wanted.....
REMEMBER ME!
I had this moment of epiphany...
When the shot came from the dark of the one I envied!
With your late night confessions!
and your complex affections!
As I'm be-popping in this world, ain't nothing real! (Nothing is real!)
Ain't nothing ever going to go my way.
I keep looking at every angle trying to find a way to keep you at bay..."
"2502" "Through the shadows I'm trying to find my way back home.
You're putting pieces together so you can throw your little bit of heaven.
YOU DENIED THE AIR IN MY LUNGS!
Now I'm the pain when you swallow.
(I like to hurt)
No matter what you do, I'm still alive and coming for you!
SUFFOCATING! I don't feel a thing.
The colors that we bleed are all the same, can you not see?
All in his name you say.
SUFFOCATING! I don't feel a thing.
You say \"Flood his heart, he can't see in the dark!\"
I hear doubt when you're coming at me, in your voice I can see...
As your eyes close, your wings are shedding it's feathers.
Turning dove to machine, but you're fighting the one thing.
The sinner in you became me.
YOU DENIED THE AIR IN MY LUNGS!
Now I'm the pain when you swallow.
(I like to hurt)
No matter what you do, I'm still alive and coming for you!
SUFFOCATING! I don't feel a thing.
The colors that we bleed are all the same, can you not see?
All in his name you say.
SUFFOCATING! I don't feel a thing.
You say \"Flood his heart, he can't see in the dark!\"
I hear doubt when you're coming at me, in your voice I can see..."
"2503" "Dear love, you're not the finest one.
I guess love wasn't enough to push, pull, lock and load.
How is everything that you unload?
But it's nice to see the lump stuck in the spoke of your throat.
I know you're sorry...but this time, I need to believe.
I didn't believe. I NEEDED TO BELIEVE, IT WASN'T ME.
Fuck the lies and your good intentions...
If you prefer? I can fluctuate putting this in your face.
HOW LONG will you BE a SHIFTY ONE? You, my love...
(I know you're broken like me)
HOW LONG will you BE a SHIFTY ONE?
(I know you're broken like me)
How can I ever love? You?
You always seem to take too much out of me.
Everytime that I tried to see,
but it feels like no one is ever listening.
You always said that you'd know me forever...Forever...
but I can't believe when you push, pull, lock and load your disease.
I didn't believe. I NEEDED TO BELIEVE, IT WASN'T ME.
Fuck the lies and your good intentions...
If you prefer? I can fluctuate putting this in your face.
HOW LONG will you BE a SHIFTY ONE? You, my love...
(I know you're broken like me)
HOW LONG will you BE a SHIFTY ONE?
(I know you're broken like me)
How can I ever love? You?
You're dead...You're dead...You're dead to me, you're dead...
You're dead...You're dead...You're dead to me, you're dead...
WITH A PRETTY FACE...
You're dead to me, nothing you can ever say,
Will ever bring this back the way...
I've spent my time in the rotate.
I'll never be the same since I kissed the ground.
For the first time, with the trauma team.
We're the comeback KINGS...
Fuck the drama Queens.
(Fuck you drama Queens)
When you come back to me, COME BACK CRAWLING!
HOW LONG will you BE a SHIFTY ONE? You, my love...
(I know you're broken like me)
HOW LONG will you BE a SHIFTY ONE?
(I know you're broken like me)
How can I ever love? You?
You're DEAD...
You're DEAD..."
"2504" "My \"Heart\" is a way out from here.
Then she's wondering why I cut away, strip away everything inside.
I cut myself way too deep this time.
I cut myself way too deep inside!
Alleviating all pain and she's asking me why?
Why do I choose to pull away inside?
Everything's already black inside!
I hope you feel this!
From a real wound budding and exposed.
I hope it digs in!
(DIGS IN) Caving in from the weight!
I hope you feel this!
None of that fake heart they gave to you.
I hope it digs in until your heart, it grows!
I hope you feel this!
Out of me and into you!
I hope it digs in and you experience sorrow!
but you'll learn a fake heart does nothing for you.
Blow (Goodbye love) you away....
Every time these people say that they love me,
I don't see...It's all these lies,
It's catastrophic in my eyes but I can feel you bleed.
IT'S WHAT THESE PEOPLE DO TO ME!
They fake every bit of love (for their own) selfish needs...
I don't have any sympathy...
I hate the world for giving you a disease...
I cut myself way too deep inside!
Alleviating all pain and she's asking me why?
Why do I choose to pull away inside?
Everything's already black inside!
I hope you feel this!
From a real wound budding and exposed.
I hope it digs in!
(DIGS IN) Caving in from the weight!
I hope you feel this!
None of that fake heart they gave to you.
I hope it digs in until your heart, it grows!
I hope you feel this!
Out of me and into you!
I hope it digs in and you experience sorrow!
but you'll learn a fake heart does nothing for you.
I hope that you endure more than most!
Because a heart is born out of flames and in the grave.
of what we had and everything here.....
I'll break apart to find, to love, absorb....all of your fumes...
I hope you feel this!
From a real wound budding and exposed.
I hope it digs in!
(DIGS IN) Caving in from the weight!
I hope you feel this!
None of that fake heart they gave to you.
I hope it digs in until your heart, it grows!
I hope you feel this!
Out of me and into you!
I hope it digs in and you experience sorrow!
but you'll learn a fake heart does nothing for you."
"2505" "With a deep seed planted in my chest made it so much
harder for me to believe that there was something more!
With a pen and paper as my only friend, did I endure? I adore, I love this...
This is pure, considering that I was D.O.A., Shell-Shocked, M.I.A...
Now I'm floating in the air with the butterflies, and the stars seem to stare (stare at me) I love this......
When our lips meet...I put the world aside, I put the world so far behind.....
When our lips meet...I put the world aside, I put the world so far behind.....
and here I am...Sitting here with the first chapter that we start.
Well I have to say that your better than a dream, better than a dream...
With a foggy boarder surrounding me, and yet I shake every time she kisses me!
Benevolent biographies I have seen in my dreams...She is so lovely!
No longer D.O.A.! I am short winded, weak kneed and inspired to breathe...
When our lips meet...I put the world aside, I put the world so far behind.....
When our lips meet...I put the world aside, I put the world so far behind.....
Listen here, you don't have to say a word to me! I understand so perfectly!
So clear in my mind, when our lips meet I'm running all across the light!
I'm working my way to you, and I'm loving my way to you!
I keep feeling everything as the world runs around me and I can feel my heart breathe!
While I'm looking in her eyes seeing the light punch in the corner of eyes...and die...
Feel the butterflies move from the left to the right and switch sides...
We sway in the night time looking in stars eyes...
And I'm feeling everything move rotating around you!
I am so in love with this girl's lips.....
When our lips meet...I put the world aside, I put the world so far behind.....
When our lips meet...I put the world aside, I put the world so far behind.....
So Far Behind.....
So Far Behind....."
"2506" "Never meant to be exposed to your life...
Every time that you say that you love me, I didn't believe...\"Anything!\"
How can I bring fabrication (communication) to it's knees when I fear everything with you...
I reprieve....
but the light dims just a little more so I can feel all your open sores...
Everything that I thought that I had in common...
Everything is blistering...
Every time that I stood outside your box...
You left me injuring....
It's hard to be the picture of innocence.....
When every body's pushing in a different direction!
It's hard to be the pure of heart.
When everybody uses you like a flame in the dark.
Where do go? Where do you run when everything is gone...
Never wanted you to be so mad at me!
I am only trying...
To be something I'm not...(for you to believe in me)
I never wanted you to see lonely...
but the innocence claimed the name of my heart...
Now in chains...
I find my purity wrapped up in the same shame...
It's hard to be the picture of innocence.....
When every body's pushing in a different direction!
It's hard to be the pure of heart.
When everybody uses you like a flame in the dark.
Where do go? Where do you run when everything is gone..."
"2507" "Hold onto me, dreams shift into sub categories and die...
Could it be a lie if I said I need this?
A fire in your soul with smoke in your eyes!
Hard as nails and tears of cyanide.
I swear that it wasn't me, loading guns to the sound of your heartbeat.
I swear that it wasn't me, 10-4 lock and load, here we go!
I swear that it wasn't me, loading guns to the sound of your heartbeat.
I swear that it wasn't me, that started this all!
I'm evolving now!
No we don't have much time!
(But I'll stay and fight)
I know you're tired....( I know you're tired)
We may not make it back alive!
My eyes are glazed. My heart is fading.
Hold onto me with the fireworks cutting through the sky...
While we learn to adapt to the status of killers...
Gain a 3rd eyes...
To survive, we wedlock our armor...
It's grafted into skin. We are our own tourniquet.
I swear that it wasn't me, loading guns to the sound of your heartbeat.
I swear that it wasn't me, 10-4 lock and load, here we go!
I swear that it wasn't me, loading guns to the sound of your heartbeat.
I swear that it wasn't me, that started this all!
I'm evolving now!
No we don't have much time!
(But I'll stay and fight)
I know you're tired....( I know you're tired)
We may not make it back alive!
My eyes are glazed. My heart is fading.
My heart is fading. Fading...Fading...
My heart is fading........
No we don't have much time!
(But I'll stay and fight)
I know you're tired....( I know you're tired)
We may not make it back alive!
My eyes are glazed. My heart is fading.
My heart is FADING......
In a pile of strychnine..."
"2508" "My world contains a heart, right beside me....
I took a shot in the dark. Unfolding covers as I move...
With my hand on your chest, I can feel your heartbeat I lose...
With her skin so smooth! So careful not to wake you...
With the bloodshot eyes, I hold you tight, until I fall away, away from you....
In the early hours of a dark lit room...Waking up with the shock of lying next to you...
With the pupils dilated I can see an outline of you....Tracing you....
Hoping it's you....\"the one\" out there that I felt...
Every night connected to you, and every time, I felt you move....
In the early hours of a dark lit room...Waking up with the shock of lying next to you...
With the pupils dilated I can see an outline of you....Tracing you....
At 3:30 am my world is turning! I pull her close to me by my arm wrapped around her tummy...
I re-align, remove the hair from her eyes, and memorize....Before I fall away.........
When our eyes collided, I felt the retina burn (nobody can tear me away)
With this ring, forever! I'll hold you high, and we'll fall away in dreams.....
I always knew you were out there...I knew....Now I'm brand new....
Every time that you wanted to push so hard....I was there
Every time you lost your only God....I was there
Every time you lost all of your hopes....I felt you there
Every time that I felt so exposed....You felt me there
(felt me there)
When our eyes collided, I felt the retina burn (nobody can tear me away)
With this ring, forever! I'll hold you high....Forever......Forever.....
When our eyes collided, I felt the retina burn (nobody can tear me away)
With this ring, forever! I'll hold you high, and we'll fall away in dreams.....
and we'll fall away in dreams....."
"2509" "My feelings are involuntary to speak my mind....
How many times do I have to say?
My words do no justice, to restore and prepare this floor....
For my knees to break, bent over...
In a machine clutter of tears tapping on surfaces we hear. (Like the rain)
Departing clouds, and I'm here my dear....
I'm standing in a puddle of a memory...
And every time it stares at me....
This is a war....A mental mindset to endure.
There's no calm in the void.
Condition of a feeble fabrication to provide a core...
Bullet for a fist and scratching seconds in my skin...
I'm rectified through fire to restore,
The windless kiss of a self contained grenade in the soul.
You better hit the floor....
So sound the alarm!
This is a war, to the core....
So sound the alarm!
This is a war, to the core....
When everything is so black inside...
Urgency to intimidate, fixate the soul of mine, collective cunning,
Stars Gleaming from an indrawn breath....
As this hits you in the Chest....
Hitting you in the chest like a bomb dropping now!
Can you feel anything?!
You're breaking now, and shutting down!!!
I never needed to believe, never needed to face the \"mental\"....
To restore and prepare the floor for my knees to break a machine gun clatter of tears and heartache!
There's NO CALM IN THE VOID...NO CALM IN THE VOID!!
Hitting you in the chest like a bomb dropping now!
Can you feel anything?!
You're breaking now, and shutting down!!!
I never needed to believe, never needed to face the \"mental\"....
I will wait until you're strong, and break you apart so strong!
This....is....a....War....
This....is....a....War....
This....is....a....War....
This....is....a....War....
This....is....a....War....
When everything is so black inside...
Urgency to intimidate, fixate the soul of mine, collective cunning,
Stars Gleaming from an indrawn breath....
As this hits you in the Chest....
Hitting you in the chest like a bomb dropping now!
Can you feel anything?!
You're breaking now, and shutting down!!!
I never needed to believe, never needed to face the \"mental\"....
To restore and prepare the floor for my knees to break a machine gun clatter of tears and heartache!
There's NO CALM IN THE VOID...NO CALM IN THE VOID!!
Hitting you in the chest like a bomb dropping now!
Can you feel anything?!
You're breaking now, and shutting down!!!
I never needed to believe, never needed to face the \"mental\"...."
"2510" "It's a way of recovering what I lost...(in the Vicodin)
When I began, I tried to make it right, but it went wrong.
And then it's hard to unravel the knots in your heart.
It's an escape, a secret love when God won't listen anymore, all i think:
GOD, I've done too much damage to my body.
It's HARD, when you feel like your world was made to cave.
(For way too long, I kept holding on)
but now I'm tired of everything....
I try to ignore the fact that I can't breathe anymore.
Back then, we had a good run when I was sober, but it's all gone.
(and if you can't understand)
I was good at everything....
Dear love, they took the best part of me.
In my life...I've felt so distracted.
Afraid to start again.
Alcohol burns like a bombshell.
I Died, put the morphine on the medicine spinner...
Oh MY GOD, I've done too much damage to my body.
It's HARD, when you feel like your world was made to cave.
(For way too long, I kept holding on)
but now I'm tired of everything....
(When the finger slip, you can forget me holding on)
Now I'm tired of everything....
I try to ignore the fact that I can't breathe anymore.
Back then, we had a good run when I was sober, but it's all gone.
(and if you can't understand)
I was good at everything....
Dear love, they took the best part of me.
(I Kept trying but I'm tired of everything)"
"2511" "They tell me I need rehab, but you're not really a friend.
You just criticize every step I give, but it's ok...
You don't understand the way I escape.
I NEED to feel sick. I NEED to fall in LOVE.
I NEED to waste my days....
For me to live....
Gotta love the drugs, they make me feel so numb.
Love the drugs, the way they make me feel I'm loved.
Gotta love the drugs...
(I'm not so uptight too get high when I need, a fix)
They make me feel so numb.
Love the drugs, they make me feel so numb.
(What I would do to you....)
So I hide in the deep....
Where people won't talk shit and fucking love is cheap.
My blood soaks into the waters...
Little lies, stop fucking with me!
I NEED to feel sick (I love to be sick). I NEED to fall in LOVE.
(I love to be sick)
I NEED to waste my days....
For me to live....
Gotta love the drugs, they make me feel so numb.
Love the drugs, the way they make me feel I'm loved.
Gotta love the drugs...
(I'm not so uptight too get high when I need, a fix)
They make me feel so numb.
Love the drugs, they make me feel so numb.
(What I would do to you....)
Gotta get a fix, gotta get a fix....
Put it in my blood. Nothing makes sense.
Nothing makes sense.
Gotta love the drugs, they make me feel so numb.
Love the drugs, the way they make me feel I'm loved.
Gotta love the drugs...
(I'm not so uptight too get high when I need, a fix)
They make me feel so numb.
Love the drugs, they make me feel so numb.
(What I would do to you....)"
"2512" "lubna erre vague bleu comme sa maison
elle scrute
les pupilles comme des pieces de monnaie jettees
au fond en desirs,
lubna reve de pouvoir se dissoudre
entre un amalgame blanc
lubna tu es poesie d'obscurite
ainsi je m'asseois dans ton bord
jusque tu te calmes et moi,
je me transforme en balancoire
de bambou
dans les oliviers
lubna.
[Francesca Nicoli]"
"2513" "Horresco referens
Sed semel in anno
Licet insanire nitimur in
Vetitur semper
Cupimusque negata, sed si
Vis me flere flendum est
Primum ipsi tibi,
Nosce te ipsum in cauda venenum.
Nihil admirari Ego sum qui sum"
"2514" "When the moon sang on the april chair you were a face to paint tulips
grey steps, eyes on the walls, red-green women
perched cats, in your world of arcanum and usual
you took me by hand to the white ancient taste of childhood
you took me by hand to your worldmap reign arcanum and usual"
"2515" "[Is it the Phantom]
Consequor hoc
Ut ne nec timeas nec ames!
Quid concupisquam ergo?
Dormire.
Basia dum nolo nisi quae luctania carpsi et palcet
Ira mihi tua faces.
MARZIALE"
"2516" "\"The azure thrones remain vacant.
Who can assume the plant
with the golden-like stem
and the azure bloom?
Who can take his seat
on the thrones of grace and wisdom?\"
[extract from \"The Book of Dzyan\" by M. Blavatsky]"
"2517" "[instrumental]"
"2518" "Sempervirens panica rosa
obliquitans luces mortisque me invenit
fui parva sparsa beluilla nanciscor sub mucillagine
cupiens aliquot deos,
praeter omnes cerere, Pan et Cibelem
\"Hei, viator\" inquam \"dignabere ?\"
\"Hei, dignabere ?\"
Abscondo sacra in memoria et purpurea in tremore pervigil
\"Hei viator, dignabere ?\"
Mara Paltrinieri"
"2519" "Ad inferos vehor extremae laetitiae !
Denique introibo ubi magna arborea radicat umbras.
Adsideravit.
Rursus limina surrexunt, nondum existescere coepi
sub pace trepidante ignissimae lunae.
Ad inferos vehor extremae laetitiae !"
"2520" "[instrumental]"
"2521" "Non ignara mali homo homini lupus,
Diligite iustitiam qui iundicatis terram.
\"Quis, quid ubi, cur, quomodo quando?\"
\"Quis, quid ubi, quibus auxiliis?\"
\"Nec me pudet fateri nescire quid nesciam.\"
\"Habemus confitentem reum!\""
"2522" "[The Enchanted Violin]
Par espaces immobiles,lointain.
Ames lumineuses sont transportees
Avec rythme cadence
A la derniere demeure,
par espaces immobiles,lointains............"
"2523" "Abscondo Sacra In Memoria
Et Purpurea In Tremore Pervigil
\"Hei, Viator\" Inquam \"Dignabere?\"
Mara Paltrinieri."
"2524" "[instrumental]"
"2525" "Riposa sul petto di una morbida compagna
crine di viola eletta dolceridente Saffo
posero intorno al petto fiori di loto ed intrecci di collane
io sono vecchio, ascoltami, sei bella
con quei capelli lunghi e quella veste d'oro
hai cosi' vaga l'anima
voce di cigno sul fluire ondoso dello Xanto
incoronata lei da quei capelli biondi,
desiderio...
Alceo, Alcmane, Ibico"
"2526" "\"I don't mind the harmony of waters
I'm looking nothing but dissonances
something more than perfection
crossing the narrow arch
that I know\"
[passage from S. Quasimodo]
even today
we found a treasure
we found the masks
but nothing of what was found here
will be sent-away
or fall in wrong hands
[inscription found in a deserted lunatic asylum]"
"2527" "Je te donne mes jeux parce-que je
Sais que tu t'en prendras bien soin.
Descends comme un dieu entre
Mes bras et acueille-moi toujours acueilli,
Eleve-moi tant de faire de moi et toi une guirlande
Des sens imbibee,
D'humus, air, eau et de chaque fibre qui nous modele."
"2528" "Au fond des abimes de la falaise
On entend un son de flute dans le fremissement
Des vagues qui se cassent sur le tombeau ou
Flee et Fabian sont enterres dans le guffre_
Flee et Fabian ne sont maintenant
Qu'une legende,
La sort se revolte contre celui qui
Tue et qui est tue,
Flee et Fabian maintenat font
Partie des abimes aui les ont
Enterres dans l'eternite
De l'histoire"
"2529" "brightness, knowledge, research, wisdom
transparent, pure, sacred, sacred
asking... vision, revealing... meaning
faint, delicate, alone, alone..."
"2530" "Oh, mylord, you never returned
I was waiting for you my love
You told me to see
the scarlet leaves, the scarlet leaves
when they had fallen on the earth
you would have returned
you would have returned
Oh mylord, now I'm laying on the ground
I'm still waiting for you, my love
Oh mylord, now I'm laying on the cold ground
and I'm still waiting for you, my love
Now I fell the scarlet leaves
flying over me, flying over me
please, please, come to me
and spread my ashes among scarlet leaves
I would like to flutter with them
I would like to have wings
I would like to feel breeze and air
I would like to be wind
Seasons have passed and I'm still alone
in the breeze in the snow, my love
With the eyes of my soul
I will nevermore
see scarlet leaves
the feeble eyes of my soul
now they are closed
I will never return
Oh, mylord, now that you've returned
I'll never return"
"2531" "...et les longs corbillards,
sans tambours ni musique,
defilent lentement
dans mon ame.
[Charles Baudelaire]"
"2532" "Nostra Damus cum falsa
Damus nam fallere
Nostrum est sed cum
Falsa damus nihil
Nisi nostra damus"
"2533" "A los largos entierros
Sin tambores ni la musica
Desfilan lentamente
En mi alma
En mi alma
[Charles Baudelaire]"
"2534" "[instrumental]"
"2535" "[Is it the Phantom?]
[instrumental]"
"2536" "I ran away from the black church on fire
golden and silver trees falling on me
their leaves just like tears of mercy
I reached the lake whose waters changed into ice
they tried to bury me
as a violet light
took me
a wild scream skinned inside
I looked around, myriads myriads of mirrows
all my images went out of their glass
showing me their hands a red cross stamped with
blood
I was the victim of a sacrifice
they tried to bury me
as a violet light
took me
a wild scream skinned inside"
"2537" "No rays from the holy heaven come down
on the long night time of that town
But light from out the lurid sea
streams up the turrets silently
Gleams up the pinnacles far and free
Gleams up the pinnacles far and free
Up domes - up spires - up kingly halls
Up fanes - up Babylon - like walls
up shadowy long-forgotten bowers
up sculptured ivy and stone flowers
up shadowy long-forgotten bowers
up sculptured ivy and stone flowers
up many and many a marvellous shrine
whose wreathed friezes interwine
the viol, the violet and the vine
the viol, the violet and the vine
[Edgar Allan Poe]"
"2538" "DIIS IRATIS NATUS, OMNIBUS IGNOTUS,
QUI NATUS EST INFELIX, NON VITA MODO TRISTE,
DECURRIT, SUFFICIT DIEI MALITIA SUA,
FELIX QUI POTUIT RERUM COGNOSCERE CAUSA.
MISERERE."
"2539" "[Cronique a la suite du roman de Favel]
Li Frere, Li Mestre du Temple
Qu'estoient rempli et ample
D'or et d'argent et de richesse
Et qui menoient tel noblesse
Ou sont ils? que sont devenu?"
"2540" "Ti prego, metti la tunica bianchissima e vieni a me
davanti : intorno a te vola desiderio d'amore.
Astimelusa nulla mi risponde, ma con la sua corona
pare pare un germoglio d'oro, una morbida piuma
Ti porgo questa corona d'elicriso, mirti, rose,
tenere fronde, alloro e una collana d'oro
Ti prego, metti la tunica bianchissima e vieni a me
davanti, tra viole, pomi e alcioni dalle lunghe ali
Astimelusa nulla mi risponde e guarda tra ciglia
azzurre con quegli occhi struggenti, occhilucente
Pare una stella figlia del cielo e della chiara luna,
ti crebbro fra petali di rosa ed alghe porporine
Ti prego, metti la tunica bianchissima e vieni a me
davanti, a fior dell'onda, cangiante come il mare
Astimelusa nulla mi risponde, screziati manti e veli
e fibbie ella si scioglie e non ha tremiti
Ho parlato in sogno a te Afrodite, piena splendeva
la luna, ora l'amata cetra tocco e canto amore.
Alclane, Ibico, Saffo, Anacreonte."
"2541" "sacra eiecisti tanquam lapillos
in lacum, ad flores, ad fabulas
cum pervolavat cupiditas
totam oram cordis
totam oram cordis
deos, ad deos, medusas
versa glaucas
far, nefas, borealia oscula
et laetitiae verbera
pistor misce
dum epicis crepundis coelum
totum vincam lubricum
deos ad deos medusas
versa glauca
versa glauca
sacra eiecisti tanquam lapillos
in lacum, ad flores, ad fabulas
cum pervolavat cupiditas
totam oram cordis
deos, ad deos medusas
versa glauca"
"2542" "Rose dans les tenebres,
Rose saignante et pale,
Tu es la force du silence,
Mort le seul basier,
Je vais voir l'ombre, mon ombre
Saignante et pale,
Tu es la force du silence
Tu es la force du silence"
"2543" "[The New Marguerite]
[cover version of Kate Bush Wuthering Heights]
Follow my steps,cross the glances
I will bring you with me
In the other room,she lays her hands
embraces the courtains
How could you leave me,
When I needed to possess you?
I hated you and I loved you too.
She lays her hands,
She embraces the courtain on the walls,
she's smiling and wandering,wandering wandering
\"It's me\"
Christine,Christine took heat from ice,so cold,
I needed you,so cold
You,follow me and you will be young forever
You,follow me and you will sing forever
It's me Christine,it's me.
She lays her hands,smiling,but she isn't happy............"
"2544" "Abscondo Sacra In Memoria
Et Purpurea In Tremore Pervigil
\"Hei, Viator\" Inquam \"Dignabere?\"
Mara Paltrinieri."
"2545" "Abscondo Sacra In Memoria
Et Purpurea In Tremore Pervigil
\"Hei, Viator\" Inquam \"Dignabere?\"
Mara Paltrinieri."
"2546" "Riposa sul petto di una morbida compagna
crine di viola eletta dolceridente Saffo
posero intorno al petto fiori di loto ed intrecci di collane
io sono vecchio, ascoltami, sei bella
con quei capelli lunghi e quella veste d'oro
hai cosi' vaga l'anima
voce di cigno sul fluire ondoso dello Xanto
incoronata lei da quei capelli biondi,
desiderio...
Alceo, Alcmane, Ibico"
"2547" "Is it to die my night ?
Tonight I dreamt a plan streaked of freshness,
today, I lied in a water urn and like a relic I rested.
Is it to die my night ?
The endless time consumes me like a rustle.
When night vanishes, a gloomy weep colour and we remain, just carried away.
Now that's night my life seems to be a corolla of darkness.
Is it to die my night ?
The marble kiss is on my lips, just carried away...
When I find a word in this silence of mine, it's dug in my life as an abyss.
This sadness of returns had stolen my sleep.
Is it to die my night ?
To enjoy just an instant of initial life, carried away..."
"2548" "oubli d'immaculee candide nuit nuptiale
eres passees impalpables
dans les blancs draps comme la nuit blanche
nous levons sonnanbules d'indefinite
blanche"
"2549" "Omnia orta occidunt aequo pulsat
Pede moriendum certum est
Incertum an eo ipso die"
"2550" "Bois Bois de la connaissance
Tu n'dois pas t'arreter
Bois Bois de la connaissance
Tu n'dois pas reculer
Tu peux toucher la terre
ca pourra te donner de la puissance
Tu peux flotter dans la mer
et trouver le sens de tes sens
Bois Bois de la connaissance
Tu n'dois pas t'arreter
Bois Bois de la connaissance
Tu n'dois pas reculer
Tu peux traverser le feu
ca pourra te donner de la sagesse
Tu peux flotter dans l'air
et rejoindre la fleur mystique"
"2551" "Avec la mer je me suis
fait un cercueil de fraicheur.
[Giuseppe Ungaretti]"
"2552" "Riposa sul petto di una morbida compagna
crine di viola eletta dolceridente Saffo
posero intorno al petto fiori di loto ed intrecci di collane
io sono vecchio, ascoltami, sei bella
con quei capelli lunghi e quella veste d'oro
hai cosi' vaga l'anima
voce di cigno sul fluire ondoso dello Xanto
incoronata lei da quei capelli biondi,
desiderio...
Alceo, Alcmane, Ibico"
"2553" "\"They became proud and defiant
- We are the kings, we are the Gods - they said,
they took beautiful wifes,
they erected temples to the human body,
they built immense towns with precious marbles and adored them.
...So the third eye stopped seeing...
The first massive waters came
and swallowed the seven big islands.
A few remained, some yellow, some brown,
some red remained,
the moon-like coloured ones
had disappeared for ever.\"
[extract from M. Blavatsky's\"The Book of Dzyan\"]
Tide, distance,.. sailing, where?
fading, raising, flying, submerging
in a memory, an instant"
"2554" "june was tender
you can still see her
swinging in the moon-scythe
like spirits or ghosts
that nobody sees
that nobody believes in
june was tender
you can still see her
if the red-skin had been of flesh
he wouldn't have spent so many years
listening to june in the waves
if the red-skin had been of flesh
he wouldn't have spent so many years
listening to the voice that there wasn't
june would like to be
under the earth
like a beautiful stone-hand
white open
with the streched palm
on wich falling asleep
or at least
intimately thinking"
"2555" "Focalized
in an ivory pyramid
sudden I penetrate
your roseate welcome
Shake of mahogany your skin
dives me back
in the round of senses
I'm waiting
to free the chaos
magma in fire
that your artist hands
make docile."
"2556" "Give me a nest of morbid existence
ancient, green nest of morbid existence
emerald velvet nest
ancient green nest of morbid existence
berry fern nest
...no more blazes in colours
and lashes of indigo blue...
ancient green nest of morbid existence
emerald velvet nest..."
"2557" "Dieu des recifs, vieux de la mer,
Souverian des vagues,
Toi qui mouilles les ames en les
allument de blanc nacre.
Dieu des recifs, vieux de la mer,
Souverain des vagues
Toi qui les fais germer comme de coraux
D'obsidienne de mille reflets.
En infinis ruisseaux nous retournons terre,
Thymos, nos essences, tes intimes soeurs,
S'aditent comme de vagues_"
"2558" "Arabesqued damasks,
pillows of liquid and clear eyes
shining intense mirrors
of green silvery recesses,
tangled gardens,
emerald water-works,
old crumbled balaustrades
where ivies and ferns
fresco in the wind
spiritual thrills of bluish-green contrasts.
My liquid and clear eyes
grasp and welcome
the bright run-after
of immanent fountains.
My eyes now and ever
dilute in circles
of yellow-ochre water and flora
and vanish off-shore
brushing surfaces
into threads and fibres
of rainbow peacock tail."
"2559" "\"...the first one was moon-like coloured,
the second was gold-like yellow,
the third red, the fourth brown,
the first seven buds were all of the same colour,
the following ones began mixing.\"
[extract from \"The Book of Dzyan\" by M. Blavatsky]"
"2560" "[End of Monster's loves]"
"2561" "lass dir eingehen und vernimm
das leben ist um des sterbens willen geschaffen
gabe es kein leben wir waren nicht
du weisst nicht wie du de in leid aus dem herzen reissen sollst
freude und furcht kurzen leid und hoffnung verlangern die zeit
nach freude trusbal, nach liebe leid muss hier auf erden folgen
jeder mensch ist dem tode sein leben,
den leib der erde, die seele uns zu geben verpflichtet
[Johann Von Tepl]"
"2562" "[In the opera's vaults]
O tempora
per corpora vacantia
fracta subagit iam lux et palude
hiemali
ulcerans.
De brama aurora fingitur!
Ut nitens cunctas vitas
adversum rabidos exhuriat
fures flammulae.
MARA PALTRINIERI"
"2563" "Tempus est jocundum, o virgines
modo cum gaudete vos juvenes!
Oh, Oh, totus floreo!
Iam amore virginali totus ardeo!
Novus, Novus amor est quo pereo!
Canta Philumena sic dulciter
et modulans auditur itus caleo
Oh, Oh, totus floreo!
Iam amore virginali totus ardeo!
Novus, Novus amor est quo pereo!
Flos et puellarum quam diligo
et rosa rosarum quam sepe videor
Oh, Oh, totus floreo!
Iam amore virginali totus ardeo!
Novus, Novus amor est quo pereo!
Mea me confortat promissio
mea me deportat negatio
Oh, Oh, totus floreo!
Iam amore virginali totus ardeo!
Novus, Novus amor est quo pereo!
Sine Philumena pro tempore
surge cantilena de pectore
Oh, Oh, totus floreo!
Iam amore virginali totus ardeo!
Novus, Novus amor est quo pereo!
Tempore brumali vir patients
animo vernali lasciviens
Oh, Oh, totus floreo!
Iam amore virginali totus ardeo!
Novus, Novus amor est quo pereo!
Mea mecum ludit virginitas
mea me detrudit simplicitas
Oh, Oh, totus floreo!
Iam amore virginali totus ardeo!
Novus, Novus amor est quo pereo!
Veni domicella cum gaudio
veni veni pulchra iam pereo
Oh, Oh, totus floreo!
Iam amore virginali totus ardeo!
Novus, Novus amor est quo pereo!
[Carmina Burana 179 - cen. XII-XIII - anonymous]"
"2564" "Satis vixi sine causa
acta est fabula
omnia sub leges mors vocat atra suas
ad perpetuam rei memoriam
mors acerba aut mori in tormentis
morsi sibi consiscere
mors ultima ratio
animus ad corpore se abstrahit
ad perpetuam rei memoriam"
"2565" "La vede, la sente, la tocca
questa notte
la scorge, l'ammalia, la sfiora
questa notte
Perche questa notte il plenilunio la domina
perche questa notte
le carni l'abbandonan
La trova, l'inebria, l'incanta
questa notte
l'incalza, l'innalza, la trasfigura
questa notte
Perche questa notte il plenilunio la domina
perche questa notte
le carni l'abbandonan
L'attrae, l'illumina, l'empie di se
questa notte
la turba, la svela, la sublima
questa notte
Perche questa notte il plenilunio la domina
perche questa notte
le carni l'abbandonan
La vede, la sente, la tocca
questa notte"
"2566" "Nichts mehr halt, nicht mehr halt.
Er ist so mude geworden, da? er nichts mehr halt
Nichts mehr halt seinen Blick auf d'e
Stabe und keine Welt hinter den Staben keine Welt.
Sie Blick ist vorubergehen der Stabe so mude geworden,
Da? er nichts mehr halt.
Ihm ist, als ob es tausend Stabe keine Welt.
Ich aber schwanke fort oben.
Es ist leider kein Tod, sondern die ewigen Qualen des Sterbens.
Der Tod geht uns nichts an,
Denn solange wir sind, ist der Tod nicht da;
Und wenn er einmal da ist,
Sind wir nicht mehr"
"2567" "Flakes of lights
flakes of voices
wherever pirouetted
like a primigenial chaos
like a futurist site
gushing rainbows
gushing darkness
evaporated we...
ethereal we...
in the glass dome
flakes of light
while clementines and lemons
rest
in the sharp teeth
of fire-clay fishes"
"2568" "[To The Bal Masque]
Nero e a me a fronte assio
magneti strappato m'avete dagli occhi
Corvine chiome a,e fronte assia
Se mi mirate diletto e non pace mi date"
"2569" "Dessous le blanc rosier je m'illumine en plein !"
"2570" "Your hands and my words trace circles,
Lines, volutes, assonances,
Fragrances of sonorous abstractions
Atmospheric nuances,
Tenuous impalpable motions of spinging chords;
Cerulean, overseas-blues hover and twist
In floating constellations
\"We open the dance like unusual
comedians or sylvestrian
interpreters of a bizarre picture.\""
"2571" "[The pink hours of Mazenderan]
Your screams are in my mouth
and fail inside my heads.........
The spirit among the trees,the mask I've never kissed........
I will unhinge the balcony,
leaving against it will tremble and run on the contrary.
Trying to keep back life
I take-off my eyes,
dancing in my shoes,
touching with faith the holy water."
"2572" "Nihil effugium
rota torturae se circumagit
cum lamina acuta
culpas ab corpore
excorticat
et sibi eius torquem facit
Spiritus mendaci
Spiritus ad vindictam
Spiritus insanus
Spiritus insanus
Spiritus mendaci
Spiritus ad vindictam
Spiritus insanus
Spiritus insanus"
"2573" "L'absence eternelle,
L'insolite mystere,
ritual, le froid avec
ses silences de faux,
mille sepulcres pour dispuatre,
Aigues Mortes, Aigues Mortes.
Solitude sterile des doleurs, defiles
nocturnes et triste j'erre, vide
nenie et je meurs, mille sepulcres
pour dispuatre, Aigues Mortes,
Aigues Mortes."
"2574" "[Faust In A Cursed Hall]
Laisse-moi,laisse-moi
Contempler ton visage sous la pale claret
Laisse-moi,laisse-moi
L'astre de la nuit comme une
Nuage,caresse ta beaute
Rien pas une voix ne glisse
A mon oreile un mot consolateur
O silence!O bonheur!Ineffable mystere!
Envivant languer!
L'ecoute et je comprends cette voix solitaire
qui chante dans mon Coeur!
DIRECTLY TAKEN FROM THE OPERA PIECE \"The Faust\""
"2575" "Fog weaves
anthills of steps
in plushy labyrinths
of swallowed palaces
...swings of desire are looking for the sea...
Litanies and Laments
in the mazes dance
Litanies and Laments
in the mazes dance
Fog is moving
to disguise snakes
the Truth answers
a sugar garden
...swings of desire are looking for the sea...
Litanies and Laments
in the mazes dance"
"2576" "many and many a year ago
in a kingdom by the sea,
a maiden there lived
by the name of annabell lee.
she lived with no other thought
than to love and be loved by me,
in this kingdom by the sea
her name was annabell lee.
all the night - tide,
I lie down her side
oh my darling - my darling - my bride
my life and my bride
all the night - tide
in her sepulchre there by the sea
in her tomb by the sounding sea
I lie down by her side
all the night - tide
oh my darling my darling - my bride
her high-born kinsmen came
and bore her away from me
to shut her up in a sepulchre
in this kingdom by the sea.
neither the angels in heaven above,
nor the demons down under the sea,
can dissever my soul from the soul
of the beautiful annabell lee.
[Edgar Allan Poe]"
"2577" "[The lord of the trap-doors]
[instrumental]"
"2578" "Strange acorns of goose-grey laurel
brushwoods, branches and insects
laying down the border of the brothchannel
beside the eyes
an asphalted emerald hill
studded of intermittent lights
fire-flies and syrens
sea-urchins and fire-flies
fire-flies and wagons
hedgehogs and fire-flies
but whirls,
the funeral umbrella
of your gowns,
my dear, my dearest
my dear, my dearest
you fire-flies who cry"
"2579" "Decoding
hyerogliphic omens
astonished
I feel
in the opal sphere
astonished
astonished
I feel
Where do you bring me to die, honey hands...
where do you bring me to die..?
Monosyllable
of perceptions
dug
with the fountain-pen end
on the heart
dug
dug
with the fountain-pen end
where do you bring me to die, honey hands...
where do you bring me to die..?
Your frame
yeld to the pain
in your bowels
silent sons we are
moulds
in your moving urn
moulds
in your moving urn
where do you bring me to die, honey hands...
where do you bring me to die..?
absence, distance, loss...
solitude, lack, sleep...
essence, floating, infinity..."
"2580" "It was midnight
the midnight tolling
It was midnight
October Thursday
It was Nineteen Nineeteentwentyeight
It was a male or rather a female
He came and the Autumn leaves were falling
in stillness, silvery stillness
he had a savage name
and the steel shining blue
he had a hoarse laughing
in a silvery pool
a fleshing vassel in the sun
from the Southern Seas
a ghostly wandering alone
in undistinguished seas
The torches, the flames and the shadows
the wind, its moaning and the dazzling lights
he came, the wind...
oh, the Southern West wind..."
"2581" "[Original version:]
Ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi
ridi, ridi, ridi poiche domani piangerai
Oh bel messere vi rimirate invano
nello specchio mentitore delle vanita
il vostro bel viso pallido e diafano
domani, sol domani il vaiolo sfigurato avra
Ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi
ridi, ridi, ridi poiche domani piangerai
Oh dolce madonna, padrona di virtu
da chiunque amata e riverita a volonta
ogni vostro onere ed ogni vostro onore
morendo di parto vi porterete nell'al di la
Ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi
ridi, ridi, ridi poiche domani piangerai
Oh nobil signore dalla viril prestanza
oggi fate il computo delle vostre proprieta
castelli, terre, uomini che oggi possedete
domani a ferro e fuoco il nemico mettera
Ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi
ridi, ridi, ridi poiche domani piangerai
Leggiadra giovinetta affacciata sulla vita
danzate arie amene e ricevete il baciaman
sguardi furtivi ed attesi amori dimenticate
poiche domani in convento vostro padre vi menera
Ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi
ridi, ridi, ridi poiche domani piangerai
Io che son giullare e nulla possiedo
ne terre, ne virtu, ne bellezza e castita
oggi sono vostro umil servitore
domani servitore di chi vi rovinera
Ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi
io sono il giullar non temo nemico ne maesta
ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi, ridi
io sono il giullar non temo nemico ne maesta
[English version:]
Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh
Laugh, Laugh, Laugh 'cause tomorrow you'll cry.
Oh fine Sir who admire yourself in vain
in the lying mirror of vanities
your gentle pale and diaphanous face
tomorrow only tomorrow the smallpox disfigured will have.
Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh
Laugh, Laugh, Laugh 'cause tomorrow you'll cry.
Oh gentle Lady owner of virtue
by anyone loved and revered as much as you please
each onus and honour of yours
dying in chilbirth you'll take with you in the next world.
Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh
Laugh, Laugh, Laugh 'cause tomorrow you'll cry.
Oh noble Lord with a mainly air
today you're making the counting of your own properties
castles, lands, men that today are yours
tomorrow your enemies will put to fire and sword.
Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh
Laugh, Laugh, Laugh 'cause tomorrow you'll cry.
Lovely girl facing life
you dance plaisant airs and receive the hand-kissing
furtive glances and awaited loves forget
'cause tomorrow your father will make you become a nun.
Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh
Laugh, Laugh, Laugh 'cause tomorrow you'll cry.
Me who I am jester and nothing I own
neither lands nor virtue or beauty or chastity
today I am your humble servant
tomorrow I'll be servant of whom will ruin you.
Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh
I am the jester I don't fear neither enemy or majesty,
Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh, Laugh
I am the jester I don't fear neither enemy or majesty."
"2582" "Iste mundus furibundus
falsa praestat gaudia
quia fluunt et decurrunt
ceu campi lilia
laus mondana vita vana
vera tollit praemia
nam impellit et submergit
anima in tartara
lex carnalis et mortalis
valde transitoria
fugit transit velut umbra
quae non est corporea
dimitemus et perdemus
quasi quaercus folia
fugiamus condemnamus
vius vitae dulcia
depredamus in futuro
praetiosa munera
ut cum iustis et electis
in caelesti gloria
gratulari mereamur per aeterna secula
AMEN
[Carmina Burana - cen. XII-XIII - anonymous]"
"2583" "c'est encore la nuit des prodigues violons
dans le clapotis de la mer eternelle,
en reversant un paturage etoile d'ou s'enfuirent
les anemos
...s'en va avec l'eau ta main
a refaire lit de noces la mer
parle avec quatrecents roses ta bouche
c'est encore la nuit des prodigues violons
dans les moulins demidelabres
tu parlais avec une sorciere en secret
dans la poitrine tu cachais une grace qui etait
propre la lune
le jardin entrait dans la mer
oillet profonde, promontoire
parle avec quatrecents rose ta bouche"
"2584" "I've unravveled green tangles
with talons dirty of earth
I've pulled up, lacerated,
I've moulded me like mud
I've dug, removed tumuls and roots
I was rooted to the earth
I've modulated me in the deep slow flowing
of the underground seasons
I've taken shape like a shrub dilating my limbs,
I've disentangled from the womb of the earth like
a wild weed
I rise primigenial livid daughter of creation
I rise primigenial livid daughter of creation"
"2585" "[Apollo' s lyre]
Les filles du soleil ont les clefs portes celestes,
de l'outretombe,du people des reves,
dans les solstices,comme dards de feu,
deux voilieurs levent l'ancre,la lune c'est le bateau...
Les filles du soleil ont les clefs des portes celestes
de l'autrecombe,du people des reves.
dans les solstices,elles ouvrent les battants
au mond des enfers ou au people des reves..........."
"2586" "Perfumed buds
we are velvety caskets
opening softly."
"2587" "Always rock me, always rock me on the rocking chair of dreams
you embroider with silvery sugar and starch that shine on the skin-moon
thousands thousands pink butterflies are flying
if you stare at me I see silk confetti raining like umbrellas
always rock me on the rocking chair of dreams
you embroider with silvery sugar and starch
I'm a free spiral-winged butterfly that lies only on your breast
how I love your perfect figure, the sublime harmony of your shape
always rock me, always rock me on the rocking chair of dreams ..."
"2588" "Contemplatio, pulcritudo, voluptas, conjunctio
Contemplation, grace, sensual pleasure, union
elsewhere...
desire, destiny, existence, equilibrium
azure ideal, spirit
elsewhere...
mysteries, music, birth,
ocean, oxigene, space
elsewhere...
\"Modulo incanti
e incanti io so dire
vibrando primavera di capelli
Melodiosa piu di un arpa d'oro,
piu dell'oro,
parlami cetra divina,
trova la voce!
...e tu, si tu Calliope,
flauto dolcenota,
piu d'ogni cosa aleggi...\"
[extract from Sappho's poems]"
"2589" "Dying is an art like everything else
I do it exceptionally well
I do it that it feels like hell
I do it that it seems real
I guess you could say I've a call
It's easy enough to do it in a cell
It's easy enough to do it and stay put
It's theatrical, beware !
Herr God, Herr Lucifer beware !
Out of the ash I'll rise with my black hair
and I'll eat men like air
Out of the ash I'll rise with my black hair
Herr God, Herr Lucifer beware!
Out of the ash I'll rise with my black hair
and I'll eat men like air
Out of the ash I'll rise with my black hair
Herr God, Herr Lucifer beware !
[Lyrics by Sylvia Plath.]"
"2590" "I bow my head
stoning pearls
like enamel marbles
becoming unstrung
one by one
like verdigris wounds
of my boldness necklace
sunk wreckages
the only hold of instants
till the core bit
these are my verdigris wounds"
"2591" "Oh mio signore, io gli dissi\"Signore,
no!, per la dea bendata,
io non ho gusto di grandezze mio signore,
di morir mi punge vaghezza,
veder nella rugiada di loto il fiore
lungo l'Acheronte...\"
Oh, mio signor, si fece freddo il cuore
cedere d'ali stremate
Filava Melis, al fuso un filo fine
Filava Melis, al fuso un filo fine
Oh mio signore, io gli dissi\"Signore,
no!, per la dea bendata,
io non ho gusto di grandezze mio signore,
di morir mi punge vaghezza,
veder nella rugiada di loto il fiore
lungo l'Acheronte...\"
Non c'era ballo, non festa mio signore,
non c'eran neppure boschi...
Filava Melis, al fuso un filo fine
Filava Melis, al fuso un filo fine"
"2592" "The universal had your presence
splitting the archetype
into a mask
with your own features
it was me
who was erecting the statue
of epidermic marbles
in symbiotic catharsis
to your majesty!"
"2593" "Samo je srce jos svedok
da sam ziv ove noci
u meni lako ubila si sve
al' ljubav ne
Sad samo idem ali ne stizem
sad samo zivim ali ne disem
samo je srce jos svedok
da sam ziv ove noci
Ref.
Ako su tvoja usta otrov sipala
sto mi je ljubav s tobom tako prijala
o noci moje crne noci besane
zar njene usne zivog da me sahrane
Ako su tvoje usne melem nudile
sto su mi dusu trovale i ubile
o noci moje crne noci besane
zar njene usne zivog da me sahrane
Kad bi me iz pakla pozvala
ja bih dosao
vrata raja da mi zatvoris
ja bih prosao
Samo je srce jos svedok
da sam ziv ove noci
u meni lako ubila si sve
al' ljubav ne
Sad samo idem ali ne stizem
sad samo zivim ali ne disem
samo je srce jos svedok
da sam ziv ove noci
Ref.
Kad bi me iz pakla pozvala
ja bih dosao
vrata raja da mi zatvoris
ja bih prosao"
"2594" "In this box
A secret so closly kept
Two thousand years in the depts
Not to be openend yet
To the skies
They looked for the reasons why
This oak in to be oh why
Cause answers arent always right.
Measure Time but it will move
Hold it close but it wont prove anything
In their eyes
A memory they soon aloose
Tied to them like a noose
Oh memories they cannot choose
And ruled by hands
The point at the moments pass
Lived life behind the glass
Or break it to breath atlast
Measure time but it will move
Hold it close but it wont prove anything
Noohoo
Hold time dear
Hold time dear
Our times here
Our times here ooohaahaaaa
Our (long)
Measure time but i will move
Hold it close but it wont prove anything
Nooohooo
In this box
A secret so closly kept
Two thousand years more to look
As long as these clocks work"
"2595" ""
"2596" ""
"2597" "What's above these walls
Empty land and empty Calls
Echos numb through these halls
The lying back can feel it all
Well its quite down here x3
Down here
Entire world under the street
Soiled air you can not breathe
lines and lines of shoe-less theives
One-hundred beds under one sheet
Well its hard down here x3
Down here
mmmmmh
mmmmmh
mmmmmh
White mosaic hairdos
With sign posts overgrown
Destination unknown
Was London's rose with London's rose
Were alive down here x3
down here
take us back up to the tall
take us back up
take us back up to the tall
take us back up
take us back up to the top
take us back up
take us back up to the top
take us back up"
"2598" ""
"2599" "Take in a breath
and treasure the light
don`t let them see you move
you've got nothing to prove
Hold out your arms
and place them in mine
don`t let me feel you shake
in fear they find mistake
Silence this song
with bugles that play
you need to hear the call
they wishing you to fall
don't let them see you fail
I will not let you fail
I will not let you fail
I will not let
You fail"
"2600" "Through blades of grass
I saw you stand
And lose balance
But I could not, reach your hand
So I sat, and waited
And held my mouth
So I could love you without distracting sounds
I, I'd sail down the river Nile,
Just to keep you alive and well
I'm lost, within
My world of sins
With all you touch
But I can not confess
I, I'd sail down the river Nile,
But the truth couldn't help you now
Couldn't help you
Couldn't help you now
Couldn't help you
Couldn't help you now
Couldn't help you
Couldn't help you now"
"2601" ""
"2602" "It's been countless days, since last we wrote
And countless more, since last we spoke
But now that's all that remains
The letters that make up your name
And I used to see every line that crossed
Your face, but now the lines are lost
In stories told and I've grown old
Let me read again the letters that you sent
Caroline wrote to me
Every day of that July
But now that's all I have left
Just thirty-one pages of Caroline
I waited all that time for you
To write me back, to write a new
Verse of our love but it never came
Just hoped my Caroline was safe
And just as I had always feared
Your precious words they disappeared
In to my mind as I went blind
Let me read again the letters that you sent,
Caroline wrote to me
Every day of that July
But now that's all I have left
Just thirty-one pages of Caroline"
"2603" "I saw you holding hands with the moon
Scented fingers fill the room
It's making me thin
All this pulling you in
It tears me apart
And I'm back to the start
I can't rest
I can't rest
I can't rest
Knowing this
I can't rest
Mouths that open up to me
Speak with pearls of wisdom teeth
The seraphin know your sins
And they impart to my human heart
I am blessed
In this unrest
I am blessed
In this unrest
Oh...
I saw you holding hands with the moon
Left feeling empty
My cold and barren womb
that makes me thin
with every spin as
we revolve
There's no resolve
I am blessed
In this unrest
I am blessed
In this unrest
In unrest"
"2604" "Child of mine, you are the wildest wind
And the dearest dream I will ever know
Love's lasting light shines out from deep within
This father's heart as I watch you grow
Child of mine, you are the break of dawn
And the brightest star I will ever know
Love's lasting light comes shining on and on
From this mother's heart as I watch you grow
There is a road and that road is all your own
But we are here, you need not walk alone
To face, not fear each coming new unknown
Is the way to lift your wings
Child of mine, you are the sweetest song
And the greatest gift I will ever know
Child of mine, where spirits fly above
There is but one that belongs to you
So let it grow and it will thrive on love
For it is love that sees us through"
"2605" "I was born in the path of the winter wind
I was raised where the mountains are old
Their springtime waters came dancing down
And I remember the tales they told
The whistling ways of my younger days
Too quickly have faded on by
But all of their memories linger on
Like the light in a fading sky
River, take me along in your sunshine, sing me a song
Ever moving and winding and free
You rolling old river, you changing old river
Let's you and me, river, run down to the sea
I've been to the city and back again
I've been moved by some things that I've learned
Met a lot of good people and I've called them friends
Felt the change when the seasons turned
I've heard all the songs that the children sing
And listened to love's melodies
I've felt my own music within me rise
Like the wind in the autumn trees
River, take me along in your sunshine, sing me a song
Ever moving and winding and free
You rolling old river, you changing old river
Let's you and me, river, run down to the sea
Someday when the flowers are blooming still
Someday when the grass is still green
My rolling waters will round the bend
And flow into the open sea
So, here's to the rainbow that's followed me here
And here's to the friends that I know
And here's to the song that's within me now
I will sing it wherever I go
River, take me along in your sunshine, sing me a song
Ever moving and winding and free
You rolling old river, you changing old river
Let's you and me, river, run down to the sea"
"2606" "All God's critters got a place in the choir
Some sing low, some sing higher
Some sing out loud on the telephone wires
And some just clap their hands, or paws, or anything they got now
All God's critters got a place in the choir
Some sing low, some sing higher
Some sing out loud on the telephone wires
And some just clap their hands, or paws, or anything they got now
Listen to the bass, it's the one on the bottom
Where the bullfrog croaks and the hippopotamus
Moans and groans with a big t'do
And the old cow just goes moo
The dogs and the cats they take up the middle
While the honeybee hums and the cricket fiddles
The donkey brays and the pony neighs
And the old coyote howls
All God's critters got a place in the choir
Some sing low, some sing higher
Some sing out loud on the telephone wires
And some just clap their hands, or paws, or anything they got now
Listen to the top where the little birds sing
On the melodies with the high notes ringing
The hoot owl hollers over everything
And the jaybird disagrees
Singin' in the night time, singing in the day
The little duck quacks, then he's on his way
The 'possum ain't got much to say
And the porcupine talks to himself
All God's critters got a place in the choir
Some sing low, some sing higher
Some sing out loud on the telephone wires
And some just clap their hands, or paws, or anything they got now
It's a simple song of living sung everywhere
By the ox and the fox and the grizzly gear
The grumpy alligator the the hawk above
The sly raccoon and the turtle dove
All God's critters got a place in the choir
Some sing low, some sing higher
Some sing out loud on the telephone wires
And some just clap their hands, or paws, or anything they got now
All God's critters got a place in the choir
Some sing low, some sing higher
Some sing out loud on the telephone wires
And some just clap their hands, or paws, or anything they got now"
"2607" "am i alone out on this walk
or am i solely just a passenger
lover of mine I've come to talk
is there a space in you to share a thought
in that heart you have is it only us
is your heart shared is there another inside
deep in the dark there i see the love he left behind
there's a road that we must cross
thick with lies yet we defend the thought
a fool would dare to see no wrong
a fool was i to run the auburn light
to finding a home already occupied
is your heart shared is there another inside
deep in the dark there i see the love he left behind"
"2608" "calling all the lost souls waiting
for a chance to leave their failings
lightning in the fields of gold
as it strikes a memory you've never known
hold on to the truth its over your head
whats the use in sorrow if it swallows you again
come out of the dark and into the light
our luck may have come so lets uncover it tonight
harnessed by the current in the rip
roaring with the thunder and the wind
drawn into the myth of deceits voice, those soft lips
stuttering ..you were in...in love .. you were in , in love
boiling at the pot the waves went
the struggle is no longer chasing
horizon to the rising sun
get out of the light get out of the light
hold on to the truth its over your head
whats the use in sorrow if it swallows you again
come out of the dark and into the light
our luck may have come so lets uncover it tonight
harnessed by the current in the rip
roaring with the thunder and the wind
drawn into the myth of deceits voice, those soft lips
stuttering ..you were in...in love .. you were in , in love
and the only thing that i was told
always say the way you're feeling
if the sea of hope is calm just surrender to your being
i am all around you if the dark is blinding
i am all around you, we'll run forever with the lighting"
"2609" "sold out
the mezzanine, the stalls and the seating followed
right now its hard to get in so come back again tomorrow
show starts 7pm, at 8 they will leave the doors closed
don't rush if you're not here, we'll show it again tomorrow
slow down is this a dream
your voice is awash with echo
go out into the streets for a while and the high will mellow.
focus, don't you believe the lies that your eyes will tell you.
washed out the silver of screen, the stars of the scene your heroes"
"2610" "hide your love, don't be shy
be yourself, sell a lie
heed the call, take the lead
follow them, set the scene
in my bones, in the dark
within my soul there you are
here we live no shadows cast
before its lost hide your love
when you're near its not enough
in the clear and in the dark
i can feel it when we touch
cold and hot, hide your love
we can't run, we can't steer
so who am i to dry the tears
in this house, in our room
the heart attacks and drags me to you
in my bones in the dark
within my soul there you are
here we live, no shadows cast
before its lost hide your love
Oh OH Oh OH oh oh
in my bones, in the dark
within my soul there you are
when you're near its not enough
in the clear and in the dark
i can feel it when we touch
cold and hot, hide your love
in my bones in the dark
within my soul there you are"
"2611" "call the cops
call your lifeline
there's no way you were ever in your right mind
cut your loss at the tide line
it will cave from the waves when they pass by
its a shot, its a tight wind
we'll be caught in forever for a long time
but your touch gets me so high
and feeling sorry for myself at the same time
so unsafe
is this temporary love i crave
will we ever get enough to take
from the memory it was a phase
is this temporary love
is this temporary love
wash your cuts let the salt dry
shed your skin on a whim and be all mine
is our love just a part time
sometimes i think that its more have i lost sight
so unsafe
is this temporary love i crave
will we ever get enough to take
from the memory it was a phase
is this temporary love
is this temporary love
on and on my friends
yeah we will sing until it ends
on and on my friends
yeah we will sing until it ends
on and on my friends
yeah we will sing until it ends
till it ends, till it ends, will it end
so unsafe
is this temporary love i crave
will we ever get enough to take 
from the memory it was a phase
is this temporary love
is this temporary love"
"2612" "the sea is calming
and the lines are in a lull
the tide fades into canyons up above
seabirds flying forming patterns on the ridge
there to live on inside a song with the magic of the myth
and i see you now with your feelers out
and i see you now with your feelers out
cos all we have is right now
a minute to a lifetime
we're never gunna stay down
the limit of a deadline
cos all we have is right now
a minute through a lifetime
were never gunna stay down
the limit of a deadline
the desert sun has gone and dried up all that is
and i wonder like all the other kids
days have gone and days are measured by the sun
in our dreams will the midnight ever come
and i see you now with your feelers out
and i see you now with your feelers out
and i see you now with your feelers out
and i see you now with your feelers out
cos all we have is right now
a minute to a lifetime
we're never gunna stay down
the limit of a deadline
cos all we have is right now
a minute through a lifetime
were never gunna stay down
the limit of a deadline"
"2613" "Zece intamplari ciudate si-o minune
Te-au adus in casa
Zece....
Zece pictori se tot mira
Cat esti de frumoasa.
Zece zile trec absurd de nu stiu
Nu stiu cum,nu stiu pe unde,nu stiu
Zece vieti de-as sta cu tine
Tot ar fi putine.
Doua stele paralele
Stele,lacrimi innodate
Si lumina de la ele
Pentru tine toate.
Patru printi cu trei castele
Ape,lanturi fermecate
Si tot cerul peste ele
Pentru tine toate.
Zece intamplari ciudate si-o minune
Te-au adus in casa
Zece...
Zece pictori se tot mira cat esti de frumoasa.
Zece zile trec absurd de nu stiu
Nu stiu cum,nu stiu pe unde,nu stiu
Zece vieti de-as sta cu tine
Tot ar fi putine.
Sapte zane,toate bune
Licurici,sperante-n noapte
Si piticii din poveste
Pentru tine toate.
Noua magi in faptul serii
O potcoava sus,departe
Si comorile din suflet
Pentru tine toate.
Zece intamplari ciudate si-o minune
Te-au adus in casa
Zece...
Zece pictori se tot mira
Cat esti de frumoasa.
Zece zile trec absurd de nu stiu
Nu stiu cum,nu stiu pe unde,nu stiu
Zece vieti de-as sta cu tine..."
"2614" "Zece intamplari ciudate
Si-o minune te-au adus in casa
Zece pictori se tot mira
Cat esti de frumoasa!...
Zece zile trec absurde
Nu stiu cum, nu stiu pe unde...
Zece vieti de-as sta cu tine..
Tot ar fi putine...
Doua stele paralele
Stele-n lacrimi innodate
Si lumina de la ele...
Pentru tine , toate...
Patru printi, cu trei castele
Ape , lanturi fermecate
Si tot cerul peste ele....
Pentru tine, toate...
Zece intamplari ciudate,
Si-o minune te-au adus in casa...
Zece pictori se tot mira-
Cat esti de frumoasa!
Zece zile trec absurde
Nu stiu cum, nu stiu pe unde...
Zece vieti de-as sta cu tine..
Tot ar fi putine...
Sapte zane, toate bune
Licurici, sperante-n noapte...
Si piticii din poveste-
Pentru tine toate...
Noua magi- in faptul serii
O potcoava, sus, departe
Si comorile din suflet.....
Pentru tine toate!!...
Zece intamplari ciudate
Si-o minune te-au adus in casa
Zece pictori se tot mira
Cat esti de frumoasa!..
Zece zile trec absurde
Nu stiu cum, nu stiu pe unde...
Zece vieti de-as sta cu tne.."
"2615" "Chiar daca n-o mai vezi zambind
Chiar daca n-o mai simti venind
Chiar daca, chiar daca nu intelegi cum s-a-ntamplat
Chiar daca n-o mai poti suna
Chiar daca, chiar daca n-o mai poti chema
Chiar daca doar amintirile au ramas de atunci cu voi
Chiar daca nu-i mai poti vorbi
Chiar daca, chiar daca n-o poti intalni
Chiar daca, chiar daca toata lumea e-intre voi
Chiar daca el nu-i vinovat
Chiar daca stii si n-ai uitat
Chiar daca lumea s-a impartit stupid la doi
Chiar daca viata v-a speriat
Chiar daca stii, el n-a uitat si telefonul suna, suna mereu...
Ce mult te-a iubit...
Ce mult te-a iubit...
Ce mult te-a iubit...
Cat te-a iubit de mult...
Chiar daca nu te vede
Chiar daca, chiar daca nu mai crede
Chiar daca, chiar daca nu mai stie unde esti
Chiar daca, chiar daca o mai vezi trecand
Chiar daca, la brat cu sotul ei mergand
Chiar daca din cand priveste inapoi...
Ce mult te-a iubit...
Ce mult te-a iubit...
Ce mult te-a iubit...
Cat te-a iubit"
"2616" ""
"2617" ""
"2618" ""
"2619" ""
"2620" ""
"2621" ""
"2622" ""
"2623" ""
"2624" ""
"2625" ""
"2626" ""
"2627" ""
"2628" ""
"2629" "I've been searching oh so long nobody like you no where to be found. Makes me wonder"
"2630" "Ooh
Ah, yeah
Do you ever think about
Yesterday
I believed in you, baby, yeah
Every word that you'd say
I tried to let go
Tried to move on
But I keep comin? back to the life we had
Somehow baby, now it?s gone
I wonder why (Why did you leave me, baby)
I wonder who (Whoa, who's lovin? you)
I wonder whatever happened to us (What happened to us)
How did we lose (How did we lose, baby)
I wonder where (I wonder where)
Are you tonight (You tonight)
I wonder who in the world?s (Yeah)
Lovin? you now (Who)
Well, it?s 5 o?clock in the mornin?
I just can't sleep, no
Oh, you're forever on my mind
And it just won't let me be
Girl, I need to have your body
Need you right here with me
What am I gonna do
Somebody tell me please
I wonder why (Why did you leave me, baby)
I wonder who (Who?s lovin? you, yeah)
I wonder whatever happened to us (Ooh)
How did we lose (Ooh-wee)
I wonder where (Where are you tonight)
Are you tonight (Oh, Lord, oh, Lord)
I wonder who in the world?s (Who?s lovin? you)
Lovin? you know (Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Was it something I said
Maybe it?s something I've done
Played it over and over again in my head
Somebody tell me where did we go wrong (Ooh)
Oh, yeah
Ooh ooh ooh
Yeah eah yeah
I wonder why (Why)
I wonder who (Who?s lovin? you, baby)
I wonder whatever happened to us (Whatever happened)
How did we lose (How did we lose)
I wonder where (Where are you tonight)
Are you tonight (Lord have mercy)
I wonder who in the world?s (Who in the world)
Lovin? you now (Who?s holdin? you tight, baby)
I wonder why (Why did you leave me, baby)
I wonder who (I need to know, baby)
I wonder whatever happened to us (Whatever happened)
How did we lose (How did we lose)
I wonder where (Oh, where)
Are you tonight (Where are you tonight)
I wonder who in the world?s (Who in the world, baby)
Lovin? you now (Oh )
I wonder why (Why did you leave me)
I wonder who (Who?s lovin? you, baby)
I wonder whatever happened to us (What happened to us)
How did we lose (Where did we go wrong, baby)
I wonder where (Where)
Are you tonight"
"2631" ""
"2632" ""
"2633" ""
"2634" ""
"2635" ""
"2636" ""
"2637" ""
"2638" ""
"2639" ""
"2640" ""
"2641" ""
"2642" ""
"2643" ""
"2644" ""
"2645" ""
"2646" ""
"2647" ""
"2648" ""
"2649" ""
"2650" "Wooooohhhhhh!( Wooooohhhhh)
Hai Hai hai hai Yeah
Yeah Yeah mmmmmm
Ohhhhhh yeah Love Song(Love Song)
Well its three o clock in the morning
And I cant hardly sleep ,thinking about my baby
How much she means to me
She is the best thing that ever happened - happened to me yeahhhh.
She built me up when I was torn down
She's All I'll ever need baby
Chorus:
There is some that I wanna say So hey Mr. Dj
Play a love(Play a love) song for my baby...Heyyyyy!!
Play it on the radio so everyone they will know
Playing that another love song for me and my baby...heeee!!!!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
When we together there is magic in the air
And she's got good love heaven knows keep right there baby!
I never worry we both know what we've got.
I would never ever do her wrong
Coz what we've got it means a lot baby!!!
Chorus
There is some that I wanna say So hey Mr. Dj
Play a love(Play a love) song... yeah yeah for my baby...Heyyyyy!!
Play it on the radio(Play it on the radio) so everyone they will know(so everyone they will know)
Playing that another love song(Love song) for my baby...for my sweet baby...oh yeah oh yeah!!!!!!
Bridge
Play a love song love song baby
Plaaaaaayyyyyyyyy.......(Wooooooo). Heeeyyyyyy Mr DJ
Play another love song (Play another love song..yeah)
For my baby ,my baby
Play it on the radio so everyone they will know
Its dedicated to the one I love hooohhoooohoo!!!!!!
There is some that I wanna say So hey Mr. Dj do it for me.
Play a love(Do it for me yeah) song and my baby... hooohhoooohoo!!!!!!
Play it on the radio(Play it on the radio) so everyone they will know(so everyone they will know)
Playing that another love song(Aaaahhhhhhh) I love her
And I praise the one above for her .....Ohhhh No!
hooohhoooohoo!!!!!!
Play......so everyone would know Love song
Play another love song for me and my baby.Yeahhhhh!!
There is some that I wanna say So hey Mr. Dj do it for me.
Play another love song...."
"2651" "We've only just begun, the romance is not over
Gotta lot, a lot of love to give
We've only just begun, the romance is not over
I got so much love to give
I remember oh so well
When I first held your hand and we started to dance
I had this awesome crush on you
Hoping deep down inside that you wanted me too
And now we're here together
Preparing ourselves for the future, yeah
'Cause there's so much that we can do
Oh girl, let me show you
We've only just begun, the romance is not over
Gotta a lot, a lot, a lot of love to give
(To give)
We've only just begun, the romance is not over
I got so much love to give
Let's go to our favorite place
Ooh, close to the fire and let our passions run wild
And love the night away
I'm just dying to please you, oh, I'll never leave you
Oh girl, let's stay close
And get lost in each other's love
'Cause there's so much more that we can do
Oh, I love you, girl and I'm gonna show you
We've only just begun, the romance is not over
Gotta lot, a lot of love to give
(To give)
We've only just begun, the romance is not over
I got so much love to give
Girl, I think that I love you too much
I wanna be with you everyday
I'm gonna always be your lover
Oh, believing in each other, girl
We've only just begun, I'm yours forever
I really need you so, yes, I do
I got so much more love to give, baby, don't you know?
It makes me feel so good inside just to know you
We've only just begun, the romance is not over
Gotta lot, a lot of love to give
We've only just begun, the romance is not over
I got so much love to give, hey
(We've only just begun)
Baby, we've just got started
So let's have ourselves a good time
(We've only just begun)
We're gonna do so many things together
(We've only just begun)
Girl, I can be with you, I, I can be with you
Every second, every minute, every hour
(We've only just begun)
Everyday if you want me to
I'm gonna show you things that you've never seen before
Gonna make you say, ooh, oh, oh, feel so good to me
Gonna make you say, ooh, oh, oh, feel so good to me
Keep on doing what you're doing
'Cause what you're doing sure feels good to me, baby"
"2652" "Oh
Oh Oh Oh, yeah
I've been watching you
Just to see how far you would go
You're gonna have to prove
Make a move and let it show
I know it's getting late
And you gotta go home
But before you go
Baby just
Show me
Show me what I got to do
Baby if you love me (you love me)
I'll do anything for you
Show me
It's hard for you and me to put our feelings on this play
But if you look into my eyes
You'll know why I feel this way, baby
I know it's getting late
And you gotta go home
But before you go
Baby just
Show me
Show me what I got to do (My sweet babe)
Baby if you love me (you love me)
I'll do anything for you
Show me
Show me
Show me what I got to do (Show Me)
Baby but before you go
Come on and show me (Show me)
I know it's getting late
And you gotta go home
But before you go baby
Ah...
Open up and let me in baby
Yeah...
Show me (Show me)"
"2653" "Ich bin ein Fremder
den man hat
-
und dessen Schnauze dem nicht pat
der darin sieht
was er nicht fand.
Ich hng' am Leben
nicht am Geld
als ein von jedem Wind der Welt
zerzauster Hirt aus Griechenland.
Verrt sich nicht mit dieser Hand
der Vagabund
der Musikant
der stahl - doch auch nach Sternen griff.
Dem Mund sieht man es an
gewi
wie oft er kte
trank und bi
und auf den Ruf
den guten
pfiff.
Ich bin ein Fremder
den man hat
-
und dessen Schnauze dem nicht pat
der brav als Brger Wurzeln schlug!
Die braune haut ist heut' noch glatt
weil sie sich glattgerieben hat
an allem
was nur Rcke trug!
Was machte nicht mein Herz schon mit
das leiden lie und selber litt
und suchte
beides zu versteh'n.
Und meine Seele
die si hei
noch immer liebt
obwohl sie wei:
sie wird der Hlle nicht entgeh'n!
Ich bin ein Fremder
den man hat
-
und dessen Schnauze dem nicht pat
der immer \"Angst vor morgen\" hat!
Dich meine Kleine
fange ich
und halte dich und trinke mich
an deinen zwanzig Jahren satt.
Ich bin dein Prinz und bin dein Knecht!
Wie du mich willst
es ist mir recht
nur liebe mich
und du wirst seh'n:
dann wird die Zeit zur Ewigkeit
der Raum - ein Meer von Seligkeit
vor dem wir beide staunend steh'n!
La' uns in dieser Ewigkeit
in diesem Meer von Seligkeit
noch oft gemeinsam untergeh'n!
ch{#%DF??%Fik@Bh??'Df=`b7Y}? Arial"
"2654" "C'est une chanson pour les enfants
Qui naissent et qui vivent entre l'acier
Et la bitume, entre le beton et l'asphalte
Et qui ne sauront peut etre jamais
Que la terre etait un jardin
Il y avait un jardin qu'on appellait la terre
Il brillait au soleil comme un fruit defendu
Non ce n'etait pas le paradis ni l'enfer
Ni rien de deja vu ou deja entendu
Il y avait un jardin, une maison, des arbres
Avec un lit de mousse pour y faire l'amour
Et un petit ruisseau roulant sans une vague
Venait le rafraichir et poursuivant son cours
Il y avait un jardin, qu'on appelait la terre
Il etait assez grand pour des milliers d'enfants
Ik etait habite jadis par nos grand-peres
Qui le tenaient eux-memes de leurs grand-parents"
"2655" "Avec ma gueule de mtque,
De Juif errant, de ptre grec
Et mes cheveux aux quatre vents,
Avec mes yeux tout dlavs
Qui me donnent l'air de rver,
Moi qui ne rve plus souvent
Avec mes mains de maraudeur,
De musicien et de rdeur
Qui ont pill tant de jardins,
Avec ma bouche qui a bu,
Qui a embrass et mordu
Sans jamais assouvir sa faim
Avec ma gueule de mtque,
De Juif errant, de ptre grec,
De voleur et de vagabond,
Avec ma peau qui s'est frotte
Au soleil de tous les ts
Et tout ce qui portait jupon,
Avec mon cur qui a su faire
Souffrir autant qu'il a souffert
Sans pour cela faire d'histoires,
Avec mon me qui n'a plus
La moindre chance de salut
Pour viter le purgatoire
Avec ma gueule de mtque,
De Juif errant, de ptre grec
Et mes cheveux aux quatre vents,
Je viendrai, ma douce captive,
Mon me sur, ma source vive,
Je viendrai boire tes vingt ans
Et je serai Prince de sang,
Rveur ou bien adolescent,
Comme il te plaira de choisir;
Et nous ferons de chaque jour
Toute une ternit d'amour
Que nous vivrons  en mourir.
Et nous ferons de chaque jour
Toute une ternit d'amour
Que nous vivrons  en mourir."
"2656" "Je voudrais sans la nommer vous parler d'elle
comme d'une bien-aimee, d'une infidele
une fille bien vivante qui se reveille
a des lendemains qui chantent sous le soleil
c'est elle que l'on matraque
que l'on poursuit, que l'on traque
c'est elle qui se souleve,
qui souffre et se met en greve
c'est elle qu'on emprisonne
qu'on trahit, qu'on abandonne
qui nous donne envie de vivre,
qui donne envie de la suivre jusqu'au bout
je voudrais sans la nommer lui rendre hommage
jolie fleur du mois de mai ou fruit sauvage
une plante bien plantee sur ces deux jambes
et qui traine en liberte ou bon lui semble
c'est elle que l'on matraque
que l'on poursuit, que l'on traque
c'est elle qui se souleve,
qui souffre et se met en greve
c'est elle qu'on emprisonne
qu'on trahit qu'on abandonne
qui nous donne envie de vivre
qui donne envie de la suivre jusqu'au bout
je voudrais sans la nommer vous parler d'elle
bien aimee ou mal aimee elle est fidele
et si vous voulez que je vous la presente
on l'appelle Revolution Permanente
c'est elle que l'on matraque
que l'on poursuit que l'on traque
c'est elle qui se souleve,
qui souffre et se met en greve
c'est elle qu'on emprisonne
qu'on trahit qu'on abandonne
qui nous donne envie de vivre
qui donne envie de la suivre jusqu'au bout"
"2657" "Winter boy, born on a snowy day
Came to me on a rainy afternoon
And there'd been summer love
Love I trusted far too well, got away and winter's spell
Had broke my heart and left me all alone
And looking for a home to rest my weary heart
For just a while
Then I found it in the smile of a boy
A little boy with midnight in his hair
And promise in his eyes of days and nights still yet to be
Days and nights he'd cling to me
For I am winter's lady and he is winter's child
Though there be summers yet
And the smell of pine comes crying to my heart
Still my joy and my security will lie beside the boy of less impurity
The little boy with midnight in his hair
And diamonds in his eyes
Diamonds made of trust and love for me
And gleaming at me all the afternoon"
"2658" "Who's got a head o' hair to match up with the raven?
Who's got the prairie sun in every smile?
Who's got good credit yet with ol' Mother Nature?
Who-o-o? Native North American child
Who's got the rhythm of the universe inside her?
Who taught the pilgrims how to make it in the wild?
Who sing a 49-er autumnal changes?
Who? Native North American child
Sing about your ebony African Queen
Sing about your lily-white Lily Marleen
Beauty by the bushel but the girl of the hour
Is the native North American prairie flower
Seminole, Apache, Ute, Paiute and Shoshone
Navaho, Comanche, Hopi, Eskimo, Cree
Tuskarora, Yaqui, Pima, Porca, Oneida
O-o-h, native North American me
Sing about your ebony African Queen
Sing about your lily-white Lily Marleen
Beauty by the bushel but the girl of the hour
Is the native North American prairie flower
Cherokee, Muskogee, Fox and Passamaquoddy
Winnebago, Haida, Mohawk, Saulteaux and Souix
Chicksaw, Ojibwe, Cheyenne, Micmac and Mandan
O-o-h, native North American you
Yeah, yeah, baby, North American child"
"2659" "Hey, Baby I just got back from town
Where the bribes are paid
Honey, they turned my offer down
They say the deal's already made
So now I gotta stand and watch
While it all comes down
And the buzzards and the hawks
And the judges and the mob
Circle round
Now if I were the queen of all the world
I would go in chains just to see you free
Of the ropes that bind you
And the role you play
And the pride that hooks you
While the big ones get away
Love junkies wanna change the world:
It quickly stays the same
Money junkies hire all the smart ones
Power junkies run the game
One step at a time
Polarity Hill
If the bad guys don't get you, baby
Then the good guys will
With angels on the take
And the gangsters in the yard
Hey don't the wars come easy
Hey don't the peace come hard"
"2660" "Who brought the bomb wrapped up in business cards
And stained with steak?
Who hires a maid to wash his money?
Who keeps politicians on the take?
Who puts outspoken third-worlders in jail
Just to shut them down?
Oh the lies vary from place to place but the truth is still the same,
Even in this town
Money junkies all over the world
Trample us on their way to the bank
They run in every race
Windego
Third-worlders see it first:
The dynamite, the dozers, the cancer and the acid rain
The corporate caterpillars come into our backyards
And turn the world to pocket change
Reservations are the nuclear frontline;
Uranium poisoning kills
We're starving in a handful of gluttons
We're drowning in their gravy spills
Their tongues are silver forks
There's a lack of wisdom,
You can hear it on their breath
Windego
It's delicate confronting these priests of the golden bull
They preach from the pulpit of the bottom line
Their minds rustle with million dollar bills
You say Silver burns a hole in your pocket
And Gold burns a hole in your soul
Well, uranium burns a hole in forever
It just gets out of control
There was a crooked man who walked a crooked mile
He raised a crooked sixpence to hide a crooked style
He won a crooked vote and smiled a crooked smile
Windego
Their tongues are silver forks
There's a lack of wisdom,
You can hear it on their breath
Windego"
"2661" "Fallen Angels
Fallen Angels
I got a man in the business line
He power hungry, he's a money mine
Smooth as satin he's a big time shark
Fallen Angel
I got a brother, oo he mean as sin
He got a brother who's just like him
Livin' over in Moscow, 2 of a kind.
How come the great power got the junkie mind
Fallen Angels
They never get enough
Fallen Angels oo oo
They got the addictions
Fallen Angels
They litter the skies
Fallen Angels
Don't you wanna turn 'em around
Turn 'em around
I got a man in the USA
He runnin' guns with the CIA
He's the best that being bad can be
Who'd think he do it all for me
What's it matter if you're green or red
The Yankee dollar or the commie threat
When the real power in the real world
Gonna deny it all anyway
Fallen Angels
They never get enough
Fallen Angels oo oo
They got the addictions
Fallen Angels
They litter the skies
Fallen Angels
Don't you wanna turn 'em around
Turn 'em around
You believe in the system from the top on down
Potential is a beautiful thing
It's hard to keep believing in the big time
Now you're sinking in the wind
Star light, star bright
Somebody going down tonight
Told the truth when it was time to lie
Got it right
Fallen Angels
They never gel enough
Fallen Angels hoo hoo
They got the addictions
Fallen Angels
They litter the skies
Fallen Angels
Don't you wanna turn 'em around
Turn 'em around"
"2662" "You'd better watch yourself
That's what people say
It's too late for that
I believe I've had my day
Oo, I've had a hard time
With this soft thing of mine
Seems like bad boys always
Knew how to get through to me
Blow my mind
And I believe I'm coming to a bad end
Oh. I believe I'm coming to a bad end
A bad end
Mmm there was a time I was okay
And yo I loved to baby him
Do anything he say
Then he start to turn on me
And it ain't no fun no more
Now there's bruises in the bed at night
Needles in the drawer
There's blood all in the mirror
And there's strangers at the door
And I believe I'm coming to a bad end
Bad end
A bad end
Aah, coming to a bad end
I'm coming to a bad end
Oh, bad end
I believe I'm coming to a bad end"
"2663" "Starwalker he's a friend of mine
You've seen him looking fine
He's a straight talker, he's a Starwalker
Don't drink no wine
Ay way hey o heya
Wolf Rider she's a friend of your's
You've seen her opening doors,
She's a history turner, she's a sweetgrass burner
And a dog soldier
Ay hey way hey way heya
Lightning Woman, Thunderchild
Star soldiers one and all oh
Sisters, Brothers all togheter
Aim straight, Stand tall
Starwalker is a friend of mine
You've seen him looking fine
He's a straight talker, he's a Starwalker
Don't drink no wine
Ah way hey o hey..."
"2664" "Coincidence and likely stories
They dog your trail like a pack of lies
They whine at night when the lights are out
You toss and turn, you pitch and roll
Disinformation, you spin it like a silkworm
Just when I need another point of view
Here you come from nowhere, from over the ways
I stand amazed, I see your greatest hits
They blow back down the chimney into everyone's eyes
Creative thinking in the first degree
You're a three-way mirror of a one-way world
It's a perverse company you work for
They build the past, it just can't last
It's obsolete by design
They send you out rerouting history
To make the same old mistakes in a brand new way
Come out from under cover
Ollie Ollie in free
Come out, come out wherever you are
And virgin places don't mean a thing
To people who never bring their hearts along
And fools like them never fall at all
They're tough as sin, let nobody in
They turn and spin your wheels and nobody wins
Coincidence and likely stories
They dog your trail like a pack of lies
They whine at night when the lights are out
You toss and turn, you pitch and roll
Disinformation, you spin it like a silkworm"
"2665" "Sleepless nights don't bother me at all
If dawn comes I won't worry
Something deep inside keeps me awake
wish that you were here right beside me
recall when I was very young
and could not go to sleep
My father sang me songs to make me tired
But memories don't make it easier so
Goodnight
wherever you are sleeping
and I hope that if you dream
you dream of me.
Oh goodnight
wherever you are sleeping
and I hope that if you dream
you dream of me
Now I lie awake and it's no fun
tossing and turning
I'd call you if it weren't so very late
but telephones don't bring you close to me
I recall the times we stayed up late
Wide awake but still dreaming
There was nothing on this earth could make me tired
but memories don't make it easier so
Goodnight
wherever you are sleeping
and I hope that if you dream
you dream of me.
Goodnight
wherever you are sleeping
and I hope that if you dream
you dream of me"
"2666" "Emma Lee
Lord, she want what she can't have
Emma Lee don't mind
Emma Lee she take the power in her own hands
She just take her time
Emma Lee she never worry bout nothing at all
Her loving loves a storm
Emma Lee she got that Heyo ha ah ha a ha yo
She calm the waters and she step on board
And she sing about
He got that attitude
He got them bayou ways
Got what l want Lord
The sunshine's in love with the man
She sing about
He never hurry away
He love to take his time
Month of June, lord
The sunshine's in love with the man
Women's ways
You never know how they gonna do it,
Women's ways
There's really nothing to it
It's like Emma Lee she see him
And she point him out she sing about
Oo, he gonna taste like wine
His time will come, lord
The sunshine's in love with the man
Women's ways
You never know how we goin' to do it Do it
Women's ways
There's really nothing to it
Women's ways
You never know how we goin' to do it Do it
Women's ways
There's really nothing to it
Women's ways"
"2667" "Oo down Tipi Town
Hoping around
Seeking inspiration
I been out here on the edge of space,
In the human race
I guess I'd gotten lonely but
That's okay
Now it's not the way it should be and
That's okay
I know it's not the way it could be but
That's okay
It's pretty good for kindergarten and
That's okay
Come on, we're only getting started
Thumb-hand, human band
Can understand
Out among the far locations that the
Music's Heaven-sent we can
Fly on instruments
Beyond our isolation and
That's okay
No it's not the way it could be but
That's okay
Here and now it's how it is and
That's okay
It's pretty good for kindergarten and
That's okay
Come on, we're only getting started
Womb-world paradigm
Understand in time
It's a sweet investigation
We're learning rope by rope
Climbing hope by hope
In every combination and
That's okay
No it's not the way it should be but
That's okay
It's wild and it's unique and
That's okay
Love's the magic number and
That's okay
Come on, We're only getting started.
That's okay
Now it's not the way it should be and
That's okay
I know it's not the way it could be but
That's okay
It's pretty good for kindergarten and
That's okay
Come on, we're only getting started
That's okay
We're only getting started
That's okay
We're only getting started
That's okay
We're only getting started"
"2668" "Heaven isn't so far away as people say
I got a home high in my heart
Heaven is right where I come from; I never throw it away
I know the place and I'm going home
I'm going home
I'm going home
See up there, it's not the same
They know your name
And I'm not ashamed to need it I'm going home
I'm going home
I'm going home
You keep on knocking but
I'm not coming out of this state I'm in
I'm travelin' right, I'm gonna get there soon
I'm standing up praying, I'm singing
Saying 'Heyo ha ha heyo ha hey ya'
I know the way and I'm going home.
I'm going home
I'm going home
That's where the heart can rest
The best is there
And only a fool would leave it. I'm going home
I'm going home
I'm going home
I'm going home"
"2669" "Indian legislation on the desk of a do-right Congressman
Now, he don't know much about the issue
so he picks up the phone and he asks advice from the
Senator out in Indian country
A darling of the energy companies who are
ripping off what's left of the reservations. Huh.
1.
I learned a safety rule
I don't know who to thank
Don't stand between the reservation and the
corporate bank
They send in federal tanks
It isn't nice but it's reality
chorus:
Bury my heart at Wounded Knee
Deep in the Earth
Cover me with pretty lies
bury my heart at Wounded Knee. Huh.
2.
They got these energy companies that want the land
and they've got churches by the dozen who want to
guide our hands
and sign Mother Earth over to pollution, war and
greed
Get rich... get rich quick.
chorus...
3. We got the federal marshals
We got the covert spies
We got the liars by the fire
We got the FBIs
They lie in court and get nailed
and still Peltier goes off to jail
chorus...
4.
My girlfriend Annie Mae talked about uranium
Her head was filled with bullets and her body dumped
The FBI cut off her hands and told us she'd died of
exposure
Loo loo loo loo loo
chorus...
We had the Goldrush Wars
Aw, didn't we learn to crawl and still our history gets
written in a liar's scrawl
They tell 'ya \"Honey, you can still be an Indian
d-d-down at the 'Y'
on Saturday nights\"
Bury my heart at Wounded Knee
Deep in the Earth
Cover me with pretty lies
Bury my heart at Wounded Knee. Huh!"
"2670" "Who knows what tomorrow brings
In a world where few hearts survive.
All I know is the way I feel
If it's real I'll keep it alive
The road is long
And there are mountains in our way
But we climb a step everyday
Love lift us up where we belong
Where the eagels cry on a mountain high
Love lift us up where we belong
Far from the worlds we know
Up where the clear winds blow
Some hang on what used to be
They live their lives, looking behind.
When all we have is here and now
All our lives up there to find.
The road is long
And there are mountains in our way
But we climb a step everyday
Love lift us up where we belong
Where the eagels cry on a mountain high
Love lift us up where we belong
Far from the worlds we know
Up where the clear winds blow.
Time goes by
No time to cry
Life's you and I
Alive. Today.
Love lift us up where we belong
Where the eagels cry on a mountain high
Love lift us up where we belong
Far from the worlds we know
Up where the clear winds blow. x 2"
"2671" "And when I think about all I missed
All those kisses that you gave to someone else
I wish I'd been around
But I was up there in the air
while you were over here
with both feet on the ground
Who'd've ever thought it
that it shoulda been you and me
Got to find a way to show it
This effect you have on me
When I think about what I missed
I wish I coulda been your girl
And when I think about all I've lost
I could never count the cost
Cause of what we've got for free
And now it's later,
maybe better late than never
I don't know
But here you are with me
Dance Me Around again
Hold me like it's never gonna end
Finally I've found
somebody who's always been a friend
When I think about what I missed
I wish I coulda been your girl."
"2672" "I'll tell you a story and it's a true one and I'll tell it like you understand
And I ain't gonna talk like some history maid.
I look out and I see a land.
Young and lovely. Hard and strong
For fifty thousand years we've danced her praises.
Prayed our thanks and we've just begun. Yes, Yes
Yes this is my country.
Young and growing.
Free and flowing. See to see.
Yes, this is my country.
Ripe and bearing miracles
in ever pond and tree.
Her spirit walks the high country.
She's giving free wild samples.
And setting an example how to give.
Yes this is my country
Retching and turning
She is like a baby learning how to live
i can stand upon a hill at dawn
Look all around me.
Feel her surround me.
Soldier blue
Can't you see her life has just begun
Beating inside us. Telling us she's here to guide us.
Soldier blue, Soldier blue, Soldier blue.
Can't you see that there's another way to love her.
This is my country
And I sprang from her
And I'm learning how to count upon her.
Tall trees and the corn is high country.
I guess I love her.
And I'm learning how to take care of her
When the news stories get me down
I take a drink of freedom to think of
North America from toe to crown
It's never long before
I know just why I belong here
Soldier Blue, Soldier Blue
Can't you see that there's another way to love her"
"2673" "You're not a dream
You're not an angel
You're a woman
I'm not a king,
I'm a man,
Take my hand
We'll make a space
In the lives that we planned
And here we'll stay
Until it's time for you to go
Yes, we're diff'rent worlds apart
We're not the same
We laughed and played
At the start like in a game
You could have stayed
Outside my heart
But in you came
And here you'll stay
Until it's time for you to go
Don't ask why,
Don't ask how
Don't ask forever,
Love me now
This love of mine
Had no beginning
It has no end
I was an oak,
Now I'm a willow
Now I can bend
And tho' I'll never
In my life see you again
I still stay
Until it's time for you to go"
"2674" "Sun is up
Day is on
Look for me
I'll be gone
cause today's the day
I'm gonna see him again
He's an Indian cowboy in the rodeo
and I'm just another little girl
who loves him so
He's an Indian cowboy in the rodeo
and I'm just another little girl
who loves him so
Once he stopped
and talked to me
I found out
how dreams can be
with a big wide smile
and a big white hat
He's an Indian cowboy in the rodeo
and I'm just another little girl
who loves him so
He's an Indian cowboy in the rodeo
and I'm just another little girl
who loves him so
Sun is up
Day is on
Look for me
I'll be gone
cause today's the day
I'm gonna see him again
He's an Indian cowboy in the rodeo
and I'm just another little girl
who loves him so
He's an Indian cowboy in the rodeo
and I'm just another little girl
who loves him so"
"2675" "I met him on the powwow trail
He was singing and I was a dancer
To the Heartbeat Drum
Heartbeat Drum - heyo heya
Long summer nights
Falling in love
Don't ever want to part,
Don't ever want to say goodbye
Darling don't cry
When I leave the USA
If you like I'll take you home
When I go back to Canada
Hey ya, hey ya..."
"2676" "I'm a rambler and a rover
And a wanderer it seems
I've traveled all over
Chasing after my dreams
But a dream should come true
And a heart should be filled
And a life should be lived
In the piney wood hills
I'll return to the woodlands
I'll return to the snow
I'll return to the hills
And the valley below
I'll return like a poor man
Or a king if God wills
But I'm on my way home
To the piney wood hills
[Chorus]
I was raised on a song there
I done right I done wrong there
And it's true I belong there
And it's true it's my home
From ocean to ocean
I've rambled and roamed
And soon I'll return
To my piney wood home
Maybe someday I'll find
Someone who will
Love as I love my piney wood hills
[Chorus]"
"2677" "Hey, I got a girl at the head of the creek
Goin up to see her about 2 times a week
Kiss her on the mouth, sweet as any wine
Wrap herself around me like a sweet potato vine
Goin up Cripple Creek, goin on a run
Goin up Cripple Creek to have a little fun
Goin up Cripple Creek, goin in a whirl
Goin up Cripple Creek to see my little girl
Now the girls up Cripple Creek about half-grown
Jump on a boy like a dog on a bone
Roll my britches up to my knees
Wade ol Cripple Creek whenever I please
Goin up Cripple Creek, goin on a run
Goin up Cripple Creek to have a little fun
Goin up Cripple Creek, goin in a whirl
Goin up Cripple Creek to see my little girl
Now, Cripple Creek's wide and Cripple Creek's deep
Wade old Cripple Creek before I sleep
Hills are steep and the roads are muddy
and I'm so dizzy that I can't stand steady I'm
Goin up Cripple Creek, goin on a run
Goin up Cripple Creek to have a little fun
Goin up Cripple Creek, goin in a whirl
Goin up Cripple Creek to see my little girl."
"2678" "He's five feet two and he's six feet four
He fights with missiles and with spears
He's all of 31 and he's only 17
He's been a soldier for a thousand years
He's a Catholic, a Hindu, an athiest, a Jain,
a Buddhist and a Baptist and a Jew
and he knows he shouldn't kill
and he knows he always will
kill you for me my friend and me for you
And he's fighting for Canada,
he's fighting for France,
he's fighting for the USA,
and he's fighting for the Russians
and he's fighting for Japan,
and he thinks we'll put an end to war this way
And he's fighting for Democracy
and fighting for the Reds
He says it's for the peace of all
He's the one who must decide
who's to live and who's to die
and he never sees the writing on the walls
But without him how would Hitler have
condemned him at Dachau
Without him Caesar would have stood alone
He's the one who gives his body
as a weapon to a war
and without him all this killing can't go on
He's the universal soldier and he
really is to blame
His orders come from far away no more
They come from him, and you, and me
and brothers can't you see
this is not the way we put an end to war"
"2679" "Eagle man, climbing the skies.
Red light of evening falls like rain.
Rainbow's my yarn the sky is my loom
I will weave sunsets later on.
Snow woman, climbing the wind.
Blue light of winter fills her baskets.
Changing woman, dance on the weather lightening and feather mark her trail
Life lovers, splitting the worlds.
Healing the broken and the lame.
Reach out to me, give me your hand
We close the circuits of time
Angel ranger, stay here by me.
Guide my transmission of energy.
Oldest religion simple and clear.
Pour out a lesson into our dreams"
"2680" "Can you remember the times
That you have held your head high
and told all your friends of your Indian claim
Proud good lady and proud good man
Some great great grandfather from Indian blood came
and you feel in your heart for these ones
Oh it's written in books and in song
that we've been mistreated and wronged
Well over and over I hear those same words
from you good lady and you good man
Well listen to me if you care where we stand
and you feel you're a part of these ones
When a war between nations is lost
the loser we know pays the cost
but even when Germany fell to your hands
consider dear lady, consider dear man
you left them their pride and you left them their land
and what have you done to these ones
Has a change come about my dear man
or are you still taking our lands
A treaty forever your senators sign
They do dear lady, they do dear man
and the treaties are broken again and again
and what will you do for these ones"
"2681" "God is alive; Magic is afoot
God is alive; Magic is afoot
God is afoot; Magic is alive
Alive is afoot.....
Magic never died.
God never sickened;
Many poor men lied
Many sick men lied
Magic never weakened
Magic never hid
Magic always ruled
God is afoot
God never died.
God was ruler
Though his funeral lengthened
Though his mourners thickened
Magic never fled
Though his shrouds were hoisted
The naked God did live
Though his words were twisted
The naked Magic thrived
Though his death was published
Round and round the world
The heart did not believe
Many hurt men wondered
Many struck men bled
Magic never faltered
Magic always led.
Many stones were rolled
But God would not lie down
Many wild men lied
Many fat men listened
Though they offered stones
Magic still was fed
Though they locked their coffers
God was always served.
Magic is afoot. God rules.
Alive is afoot. Alive is in command.
Many weak men hungered
Many strong men thrived
Though they boasted solitude
God was at their side
Nor the dreamer in his cell
Nor the captain on the hill
Magic is alive
Though his death was pardoned
Round and round the world
The heart did not believe.
Though laws were carved in marble
They could not shelter men
Though altars built in parliaments
They could not order men
Police arrested Magic
And Magic went with them,
For Magic loves the hungry.
But Magic would not tarry
It moves from arm to arm
It would not stay with them
Magic is afoot
It cannot come to harm
It rests in an empty palm
It spawns in an empty mind
But Magic is no instrument
Magic is the end.
Many men drove Magic
But Magic stayed behind
Many strong men lied
They only passed through Magic
And out the other side
Many weak men lied
They came to God in secret
And though they left him nourished
They would not say who healed
Though mountains danced before them
They said that God was dead
Though his shrouds were hoisted
The naked God did live
This I mean to whisper to my mind
This I mean to laugh with in my mind
This I mean my mind to serve 'til
Service is but Magic
Moving through the world
And mind itself is Magic
Coursing through the flesh
And flesh itself is Magic
Dancing on a clock
And time itself the magic length of God."
"2682" "Yesterday a child came out to wonder
Caught a dragonfly inside a jar
Fearful when the sky was full of thunder
And tearful at the falling of a star
Then the child moved ten times round the seasons
Skated over ten clear frozen streams
Words like, when you're older, must appease him
And promises of someday make his dreams
And the seasons they go round and round
And the painted ponies go up and down
We're captive on the carousel of time
We can't return we can only look behind
From where we came
And go round and round and round
In the circle game
Sixteen springs and sixteen summers gone now
Cartwheels turn to car wheels thru the town
And they tell him,
Take your time, it won't be long now
Till you drag your feet to slow the circles down
And the seasons they go round and round
And the painted ponies go up and down
We're captive on the carousel of time
We can't return we can only look behind
From where we came
And go round and round and round
In the circle game
So the years spin by and now the boy is twenty
Though his dreams have lost some grandeur coming true
There'll be new dreams, maybe better dreams and plenty
Before the last revolving year is through
And the seasons they go round and round
And the painted ponies go up and down
We're captive on the carousel of time
We can't return, we can only look behind
From where we came
And go round and round and round
In the circle game"
"2683" "I'm a rambler and a rover
And a wanderer it seems
I've traveled all over
Chasing after my dreams
But a dream should come true
And a heart should be filled
And a life should be lived
In the piney wood hills
I'll return to the woodlands
I'll return to the snow
I'll return to the hills
And the valley below
I'll return like a poor man
Or a king if God wills
But I'm on my way home
To the piney wood hills
[Chorus]
I was raised on a song there
I done right I done wrong there
And it's true I belong there
And it's true it's my home
From ocean to ocean
I've rambled and roamed
And soon I'll return
To my piney wood home
Maybe someday I'll find
Someone who will
Love as I love my piney wood hills
[Chorus]"
"2684" "My feet, they are naked, my hands on my hips
My eyes to the ocean, and open my lips
Ee-ah, oh, los pescadores
They come with a crash on the crest of a roar
And they're out of their boats and they're on to the shore
Ee-ah oh, los pescadores
And they wrench with the wave, and they strain with the rope
They dig in the sand and they bend to the smoke
Ee-ah, oh, los pescadores
And the weight of the men and the sound of the sea
The hardness of them and the softness of me
Ee-ah, oh, los pescadores"
"2685" "La da da da da da
La da da da da da
Guess who I saw in Paris
Guess who I saw in Paris
Standing in the street with his thumbs hooked in his belt
Standing with his thumbs hooked in his belt
Standing in the street with his thumbs hooked in his belt
Looking all of seventeen
Guess who invited him up to her room
Guess who made him some tea
Guess who got spaced with him, played his guitar
Guess who fell asleep on his arm
Guess who got lost in his eyes
Guess who kissed him goodnight
Guess who phoned me up this morning while I was still asleep
Not like waking up at all
La da da da da da
Been dreaming of
La da da da da da
La da da da da da"
"2686" ""
"2687" ""
"2688" "I live on a farm in the middle of nowhere
In the country you could say
The one I love he loves me
He lovee lovee loves me
Oooo It's a beautiful day
where I come from
Top of the world
Nowhere town
I fell in love and then I settled down
and the one I love he loves me
He lovee lovee loves me
Oooo Sunshine shining
in my heart
Dream dream look at the night
Sweet ol brown eyes holding me tight
and the one I love he loves me
He lovee lovee loves me
Hoo hoo End of the rainbow
In my back yard
Dream dream look at the night
Sweet ol brown eyes holding me tight
and the one I love he loves me
He lovee lovee loves me
Hoo hoo, Kesipwayow, Aloha oe
We can grow beans
We can grow corn
We can grow smiles in the happy morning
And the one he loves he loves me
He lovee lovee loves me
Lay me down in green pastures
Oh my soul
I live on a farm in the middle of nowhere
Country you could say
The one I love he loves me
He lovee lovee loves me
End of the rainbow
where I come from.
Farm in the middle of nowhere
It's where I come from."
"2689" ""
"2690" ""
"2691" "The great flood of tears that we've cried
For our brothers and sisters who've died
Over five hundred years has washed away our fears
And strengthened our pride, now we turn back the tide
We will no longer hear your command
We will slide your control from our lands
Re-direct the flame of our anger and pain
And pity the shame, for what you do in God's name
And we will stand for the right to be free
And we will rebuild our own society
And we will sing, we will sing,
We will sing our own song
When the ancient drum rhythms ring
The voice of our forefathers sings
The will to live will beat on, we will no longer be pawns
To greed and to war, We will be Idle No More
And we will stand for the right to be free
And we will rebuild a just society
And we will sing, we will sing
We will sing our own song
(Northern Cree Singers)
And we will stand for the right to be free
And we will rebuild a just society
And we will sing, we will sing
We will sing our own song
When the ancient drum rhythms ring
The voice of our grandmothers sings
Native America run, we will no longer succumb
To oil and to ore, we will be Idle No More
And we will stand for the right to be free
And we will rebuild our own society
And we will sing, we will sing
We will sing our own song
And we will teach about the right to be free
And we will rebuild our own society
And we will sing, we will sing
We will sing our own song
Dance,dance for the right to be free
We will rebuild our own society
And we will sing, we will sing
We will sing our own song
And occupy for the right to be free
And we will rebuild a just society
And we will sing, we will sing
We will sing our own song
(Northern Cree Singers)"
"2692" ""
"2693" ""
"2694" ""
"2695" ""
"2696" "(I'm cutting my) own way
through my own day
and all I dare say is
It's my own
(Got my) own seeds
Got my own weeds
I've got my own harvest
that I've sown
I can tell you
things I've done
and I can sing you
songs I've sung
But there's one thing
I can't give
for I and I alone can live
The years I've known,
the life I've grown.
Got a way I'm going,
and it's my Way.
I've got my own stakes
in my own game
I've got my own name
and it's my Way
I've got my own wrong
I've got my own right
I've got my own fight
and it's my Way
I've got my own peace
I've got my own wrath
I've got my own path that only I can go
I've got my own sword in my own hand
I've got my own plan that only I can know
Don't be crying Don't be sighing
Your day will come; your day alone
Years you'll know and a life you'll grow
You got a way to go and it's all on your own
I've got my own World
I've got my own Life
I've got my own Strife
and it's my Way
I've got my own Kith
I've got my own Kin
I've got my own Sin
and it's my Way
I've got my own Prayers
I've got my own Fears
I've got my own Tears
and it's my Way
I've got my own Joy
I've got my own Load
I've got my own Road
and it's my Way
Put down the story of what I've known
Your bound for glory all of your own Put down the story of what I say
You're bound for glory
all on your own one day"
"2697" ""
"2698" "Shall I tell you of the night
It was long ago
Late November and the snow
Just about to fall
And the moon was big and bright
Cold and sharp and clear
And the air was biting
Softly, swiftly down the road
Never made a sound
Someone came from far away
As I looked into his eyes
No reflections came
And I gave him bedding
Oh my little rosary
How I miss you so
Never used you very well
Now I never will
I am farther from you now
Than the two ends of eternity
Now I do his bidding"
"2699" "Little Wheels Spin and Spin Big wheels turn around & around (4x)
Merry Christmas Jingle Bells
Christ is born and the devil's in hell
hearts they shrink Pockets swell
Everybody know and nobody tell
Little Wheels Spin and Spin Big wheels turn around & around (4x)
Oh the sins of Caesar's men
cry the pious citizens
who petty thieve the 5 & 10s
and the big wheels turn around and around
Little Wheels Spin and Spin Big wheels turn around & around (4x)
Blame the angels, blame the fates,
Blame the Jews or your sister Kate
Teach your children how to hate
and the big wheels turn around and around
Little Wheels Spin and Spin Big wheels turn around & around (4x)
Turn your back on weeds you've hoed
silly sinful seeds you've sowed
Add your straw to the camel's load
Pray like hell when your world explode
Little Wheels Spin and Spin Big wheels turn around & around (4x)
Swing your girl fiddler say
Later on the piper pay
Do see do, swing and sway
Dead will dance on judgement day
Little Wheels Spin and Spin Big wheels turn around & around (4x)"
"2700" ""
"2701" "I've damn near walked this world around
Another city, another town
Another friend to say goodbye
And another time to sit and cry
Oh, it's many a mile
I have spent on this road
It's many a mile I have gone
Well, there was one, he knew me best
You know, he gave my poor heart rest
He was my world, my heart, my dear
And now he's gone to God knows where
Oh, it's many a mile
I have spent on this road
It's many a mile I have gone
I've seen your towns, they're all the same
The only difference is in a name
And the only home I ever known
Was a suitcase and the open road
Oh, it's many a mile
I have spent on this road
It's many a mile I have gone
So, I'll fill my glass up to the brim
And through my glass, my world looks dim
I know outside there's love somewhere
Maybe, my rambling will take me there
Oh, it's many a mile
I have spent on this road
It's many a mile I have gone
And it's many a mile
I have spent on this road
It's many a mile I will go"
"2702" "We are drifting and rolling along the road
Tryin' to bear my heavy load
Like a log that's been passed on the side
I'm so heavy and so tired
And I know me a few men in my time
None of them worth a lousy dime
And they make me work like a doggone slave
Won't be happy 'till I'm in my grave
And I've been drifting and rolling along the road
Tryin' to bear my heavy load
And like a log that's been passed on the side
I'm so heavy and so tired
My world you don't took it and torn it in two
Who'd ever thought it of a boy like you
It looked hot, I thought it was a sugar and spice
Salty water turned to ice"
"2703" "Every little baby that's ever been born,
Been spanked and made to cry
Every young woman that's ever been loved,
Been shaken and made to sigh
Every young woman that's ever been loved,
Has told, told me true
Take his heart and run away as he would do to you
Every young man I've ever seen,
Been mean as he could be
Every last one I've loved,
And run as he would do to me
Take it from me that a man can be more trouble,
Than you'll ever know
He'll love you some and when he's done,
He'll laugh and let you go
So they told me, and they told me little else
But I tell you to better find out for yourself
Handsome stride and shoulders wide disguise a heart of stone
Lovers' wiles and tender smiles are better left alone
With his head hung low and his shoulders down
And a tear in the bottom of his shoe
He'll beg and tease and vow on his knees,
And then betray you, true
He'll say I'm tired, I'm broke, I'm sick I love you, while he cries
He'll say I'm sorry through his tears and all the time he lies
Shudder and sulk when he's at his best
Try one if you will
You can have mine and all the rest, you know I've had my fill
So they told me, and they told me little else
But I tell you to better find out for yourself"
"2704" ""
"2705" "Now that your big eyes have finally opened
Now that you're wondering how must they feel
Meaning them that you've chased across America's movie screens
Now that you're wondering \"how can it be real?\"
That the ones you've called colourful, noble and proud
In your school propaganda
They starve in their splendor?
You've asked for my comment I simply will render
My country 'tis of thy people you're dying.
Now that the longhouses breed superstition
You force us to send our toddlers away
To your schools where they're taught to despise their traditions.
Forbid them their languages, then further say
That American history really began
When Columbus set sail out of Europe, then stress
That the nation of leeches that conquered this land
Are the biggest and bravest and boldest and best.
And yet where in your history books is the tale
Of the genocide basic to this country's birth,
Of the preachers who lied, how the Bill of Rights failed,
How a nation of patriots returned to their earth?
And where will it tell of the Liberty Bell
As it rang with a thud
O'er Kinzua mud
And of brave Uncle Sam in Alaska this year?
My country 'tis of thy people you're dying
Hear how the bargain was made for the West:
With her shivering children in zero degrees,
Blankets for your land, so the treaties attest,
Oh well, blankets for land is a bargain indeed,
And the blankets were those Uncle Sam had collected
From smallpox-diseased dying soldiers that day.
And the tribes were wiped out and the history books censored,
A hundred years of your statesmen have felt it's better this way.
And yet a few of the conquered have somehow survived,
Their blood runs the redder though genes have paled.
From the Grand Canyon's caverns to craven sad hills
The wounded, the losers, the robbed sing their tale.
From Los Angeles County to upstate New York
The white nation fattens while others grow lean;
Oh the tricked and evicted they know what I mean.
My country 'tis of thy people you're dying.
The past it just crumbled, the future just threatens;
Our life blood shut up in your chemical tanks.
And now here you come, bill of sale in your hands
And surprise in your eyes that we're lacking in thanks
For the blessings of civilization you've brought us,
The lessons you've taught us, the ruin you've wrought us
Oh see what our trust in America's brought us.
My country 'tis of thy people you're dying.
Now that the pride of the sires receives charity,
Now that we're harmless and safe behind laws,
Now that my life's to be known as yourheritage,
Now that even the graves have been robbed,
Now that our own chosen way is a novelty
Hands on our hearts we salute you your victory,
Choke on your blue white and scarlet hypocrisy
Pitying the blindness that you've never seen
That the eagles of war whose wings lent you glory
They were never no more than carrion crows,
Pushed the wrens from their nest, stole their eggs, changed their story;
The mockingbird sings it, it's all that he knows.
\"Ah what can I do?\" say a powerless few
With a lump in your throat and a tear in your eye
Can't you see that their poverty's profiting you.
My country 'tis of thy people you're dying."
"2706" ""
"2707" ""
"2708" ""
"2709" ""
"2710" "The rain is falling lightly on the buildings and the cars
I've said goodbye to city friends, department stores and bars
The lights of town are at my back, my heart is full of stars
And I'm gonna be a country girl again
Oh yes, I'm gonna be a country girl again
With an old brown dog and a big front porch and rabbits in the pen
I tell you, all the lights on Broadway don't amount to an acre green
And I'm gonna be a country girl again
I spent some time in study, oh, I've taken my degrees
And memorized my formula, my A's and B's and C's
But what I know came long ago and not from such as these
And I'm gonna be a country girl again
Oh yes, I'm gonna be a country girl again
With an old brown dog and a big front porch and rabbits in the pen
I tell you, all the lights on Broadway don't amount to an acre green
And I'm gonna be a country girl again
I've wandered in the hearts of men looking for the sign
But here I might learn happiness, I might learn peace of mind
The one who taught my lesson was the soft wind through the pines
I'm gonna be a country girl again
Oh yes, I'm gonna be a country girl again
With an old brown dog and a big front porch and rabbits in the pen
I tell you, all the lights on Broadway don't amount to an acre green
And I'm gonna be a country girl again
Oh yes, I'm gonna be a country girl again
With an old brown dog and a big front porch and rabbits in the pen
I tell you, all the lights on Broadway don't amount to an acre green
And I'm gonna be a country girl again"
"2711" ""
"2712" ""
"2713" ""
"2714" ""
"2715" ""
"2716" "Satan knew my grandma well
He could hear her prayers clear down in hell
He'd get so mad he'd burn himself
Satan knew my grandma well
He tried his best to test her faith
He sent grandpa to his grave
And he talked her into blaming herself
Satan knew my grandma well
With a Bible for her sword and shield
She fought him on the battlefield
Kneeled down beside her bed
For hours on that tear stained floor
Till he couldn't take anymore
He even prayed to hear her say amen
Satan knew my grandma well
He could hear her prayers clear down in hell
She made him wish he never fell
Satan knew my grandma well
I was 6 years old in Sylvan Park
Satan tried to get me in his car
But he sped away when he heard her yell
Satan knew my grandma well
With a Bible for her sword and shield
She fought him on the battlefield
Kneeled down beside her bed
For hours on that tear stained floor
Till he couldn't take anymore
He even prayed to hear her say amen
Satan sighed with great relief
The day that grandma got her wings
And she's somewhere she can finally rest
Satan knew my grandma well
Jesus knows my grandma best"
"2717" "Just when every ray of hope was gone
I should have known that you would come along
I can't believe I ever doubted you
My old friend the blues
Another lonely night, a nameless town
If sleep don't take me first, you'll come around
I know I can always count on you
My old friend the blues
Lovers leave and friends will let you down
But you're the only sure thing that I've found
No matter what I do, I'll never lose
My old friend the blues
Lovers leave and friends will let you down
But you're the only sure thing that I've found
No matter what I do, I'll never lose
My old friend the blues"
"2718" "I can still see mama stooped around those cotton stalks.
If she picked one, she picked a hundred bales.
Me and all my brothers would take turn about,
Dragging mama's sack up to the scales.
While little baby sister slept in peaceful sleep.
Mama laid her in the trailer shade.
Daddy was in Danville working for the railroad.
When he was coming home we couldn't wait
.
These are just some things I want to sing about
Memories I can't live without.
Diamonds buried deep down in my mind.
Thoughts I can't quit thinking,
A fountain I'll keep drinking from,
And a taste that's gettin' sweeter all the time.
[ Break]
I remember thinking town was where Grandmother's lived.
Where brothers went to catch a bus or train.
A treasured thought was daddy grinnin' ear to ear
Every time we'd hear the old Chuck Wagon Gang.
Among the many things I can't forget about,
Was seeing mama bowed in silent prayer.
I turned and left her slowly, without her ever knowing
There was ever anybody there."
"2719" "Bright light city gonna set my soul
Gonna set my soul on fire
Got a whole lot of money that's ready to burn
So get those stakes up higher
There's a thousand pretty women waitin' out there
And they're all livin' the devil may care
I'm just the devil with love to spare
So viva Las Vegas, viva Las Vegas, viva Las Vegas
Oh, how I wish that there were more
Than twenty-four hours in a day
But even if there were forty more
I wouldn't sleep a minute away
Oh, there's blackjack and poker and the roulette wheel
A fortune won and lost on every deal
All you need's a strong heart and a nerve of steel
So viva Las Vegas, viva Las Vegas, viva Las Vegas
Viva Las Vegas with your neon flashin'
And your one-arm bandits crashin'
All those hopes down the drain
Viva Las Vegas turnin' day into nighttime
Turnin' nighttime into daytime
If you see it once, you'll never be the same again
Viva Las Vegas, viva Las Vegas
I'm gonna keep on the run
I'm gonna have me some fun
If it costs me my very last dime
If I wind up broke,
Oh, well I'll always remember
That I had a swingin' time
I'm gonna give it everything I've got
Lady luck, please let the dice stay hot
Let me shoot a seven with every shot
Oh, viva Las Vegas, up 'til the risin' sun
Viva Las Vegas, everybody's havin' fun
Viva Las Vegas, hey lucky you might be the one
Viva, viva Las Vegas
Boy, the king'll be proud of me, yep
Oh, Jimmy Martin"
"2720" "Those heartaches now are on their way
What makes you want to be that way
You cheated on me and you lied
Youve put teardrops in my eyes
I found out what they say is true
I hope someday that youll be blue
And then youll know dear why I try
With these teardrops in my eyes
The news is out all over town
That youve been seen out runnin round
I turned my head and gossip flies
'Cause it puts teardrops in my eyes
I found out what they say is true
I hope someday that youll be blue
And then youll know dear why I try
With these teardrops in my eyes
I never thought youd let me down
But now at last I understand
Youve wrecked my life and broke our vow
Youll have to pay for it somehow
I found out what they say is true
I hope someday that youll be blue
And then youll know dear why I try
With these teardrops in my eyes
With these teardrops in my eyes"
"2721" "Johnny lived next door to me and Paul lived down the block
We'd meet each day at my house, sharp at six o'clock
We'd race our bikes to school and Paul would always win
Johnny said that's 'cause we're nine and Paul had just turned to ten
First day of high school on my way to my first class
Three football players said, \"They wouldn't let me pass\"
I set my books down and I rolled up my sleeves
And then I noticed there was two boys next to me
It was me and John and Paul
Best friends you ever saw
All for one and one for all
It was me and John and Paul
I wonder why they call it graduation day
Its more like a funeral or youth that's passed away
Paul said, \"He's leaving for the army in two weeks\"
Johnny said, \"Lets go to town and make the memories\"
It was me and John and Paul
Best friends you ever saw
All for one and one for all
It was me and John and Paul
Years later, I heard Paul came back from the Gulf War
I flew up to Tennessee to visit him once more
It didn't shock me, none to hear that he'd been brave
He'd lost his own life but another one was saved
I waited by a tree till everyone had left
I went up and said a prayer where my pal slept
And then I heard a voice I hadn't heard in years
I didn't need to turn around I knew just who was there
It was me and John and Paul
Best friends you ever saw
All for one and one for all
It was me and John and Paul
It was me and John and Paul
Best friends you ever saw
All for one and one for all
It was me and John and Paul"
"2722" ""
"2723" ""
"2724" ""
"2725" ""
"2726" ""
"2727" "I'm looking for that Lonely Street
I've got a sad sad tale to tell
I need a place to go and weep
Where's this place called Lonely Street?
A place where there's just loneliness
Where dim lights bring forgetfulness
Where broken dreams and memories meet
Where's this place called Lonely Street?
Perhaps upon that Lonely Street
There's someone such as I
Who came to bury broken dreams
And watch an old love die
If I could find that Lonely Street
Where dim lights bring forgetfulness
Where broken dreams and memories meet
Where's this place called Lonely Street?
Where's this place called Lonely Street?"
"2728" ""
"2729" "As we sat on the front porch of that old gray house
Where I was born and raised
Staring at the dusty fields
Where my daddy worked hard everyday
I think it kinda hurt him when I said
Daddy there's a lot that I don't know
But don't you ever dream
About a life where corn don't grow?\"
He just sat there silent
Staring at his favorite coffee cup
I saw a storm of mixed emotions
In his eyes when he looked up
He said, Son I know at your age
It seems like this old world is turnin' slow
And you think you'll find the answer to it all
Where corn don't grow\"
Hard times are real
There's dusty fields no matter where you go
You may change your mind
'Cause the weeds are high where corn don't grow
I remember feeling guilty
When daddy turned and walked back in the house
I was only 17 back then but I thought
That I knew more than I know now
I can't say he didn't warn me
This city life's a hard roe to hoe
Ain't it funny how a dream
Can turn around where corn don't grow
Hard times are real
There's dusty fields no matter where you go
And you may change your mind
'Cause the weeds are high where corn don't grow
You may change your mind
'Cause the weeds are high where corn don't grow"
"2730" ""
"2731" "Verse 1:
Arianrhod, Arianrhod, rise up with the stars
Arianrhod, Arianrhod, goddess you are
Swirling through eternity, sharing gifts of poetry
Arianrhod, Arianrhod, rise up with the stars
Arianrhod, Arianrhod,power is raised
Arianrhod, Arianrhod, dancing the maze
Your star magic silver wheel brings up secrets now revealed
Arianrhod, Arianrhod, power is raised
Chorus 1:
You are, mother of the constellations
You are giving birth to transformations
Verse 2:
Arianrhod, Arianrhod, bring forth your fire
Arianrhod, Arianrhod, divinely inspired
Spinning in infinity, spewing starlight energy
Arianrhod, Arianrhod, bring forth your fire
Chorus 2:
The heart is the heart, the center of the universe
The goddess is part, is turning words to sacred verses
Verse 3:
Arianrhod, Arianrhod, rise up with the stars
Arianrhod, Arianrhod, goddess you are
Swirling through eternity, sharing gifts of poetry
Arianrhod, Arianrhod, rise up with the stars
Arianrhod, Arianrhod, goddess you are
goddessx10"
"2732" ""
"2733" ""
"2734" ""
"2735" ""
"2736" ""
"2737" ""
"2738" ""
"2739" "swear by the stolen word of the mockingbird.
the turning of her shoulder, so cold that it burns.
india  does anybody know your real name?
it's such a waste,
your pretty face.
moth-eaten sweaters and [...unknown....].
she's got a mean streak, so you'll never forget hers.
india  does anybody know your real name?
it's such a waste,
your pretty face.
always kiss on the first date.
small waist, pastel [...unknown...].
use your mother's makeup to cover up that bruise.
you made some summer money posing in the nude.
india  does anybody know your real name?
it's such a waste,
your pretty face.
cold case, spinning in the rain.
no pain, only dreams remain."
"2740" ""
"2741" ""
"2742" "Everywhere you go you're in a microscope
Living in the fishbowl and your mind's under control
Say a prayer for the internet billionaire
The solar flare will burn the hair of man and polar bear
Animals have escaped the zoo
Coming down 5th Avenue
Now there's nothing left to do
Stop running away
Stop running away
Do you believe what you hear in the TVs?
Messages from Jesus in the grease upon the grilled cheese
Do you agree with the man on the TV?
Evidence that aliens brought Elvis to the Pleiades
Animals have escaped the zoo
Coming down 5th Avenue
Now there's nothing left to do
Stop running away
Stop running away
Lost in the Milky Way, the very first light wave
It's boring holes in space like a glow worm in the grave
Animals have escaped the zoo
Coming down 5th Avenue
Now there's nothing left to do
Stop running away
Stop running away
Animals have escaped the zoo
Coming down 5th Avenue
Now there's nothing left to do
Stop running away(x8)"
"2743" ""
"2744" ""
"2745" ""
"2746" "She doesn't wanna have to move to Xanadu
She doesn't wanna lay in bed all day with you
She'll do anything you tell her not to do
She's gonna paint your white picket fence all black and blue
She won't drive into the Grand Canyon with you
She already knows you went and got her name tattooed
She's a lipstick anarchist
She doesn't wanna bake a birthday cake for you
She doesn't wanna watch Twin Peaks again with you
She already saw the director's cut on Pay Per View
She's a lipstick anarchist"
"2747" ""
"2748" ""
"2749" ""
"2750" ""
"2751" ""
"2752" "I let a song go out of my heart
It was the sweetest melody
I know I lost heaven 'cause you were the song
Since you and I have drifted apart
Life doesn't mean a thing to me
Please come back, sweet music, I know I was wrong
Am I too late to make amends?
You know that we were meant to be more than just friends, just friends
I let a song go out of my heart
Believe me, darlin', when I say
I won't know sweet music until you return some day"
"2753" ""
"2754" ""
"2755" ""
"2756" "It's lonesome away from your kindered and all
By the campfire at night where the wild Dingos call
But there's nothin' so lonesome, so dull or so drear
Than to stand in the bar of a pub with no beer
Now the Publican's anxious for the quota to come
There's a faraway look on the face of the bum
The maid's gone all cranky and the cook's acting queer
What a terrible place is a pub with no beer
The stock man rides up with his dry, dusty throat
He breasts up till the bar, pulls a wad from his coat
But the smile on his face quickly turns to a sneer
When the barman says suddenly, \"The pub's got no beer\"
There's a dog on the verandah, for his master he waits
But the boss is inside drinking wine with his mates
He hurries for cover and he cringes in fear
It's no place for a dog round a pub with no beer
Old Billy, the blacksmith, the first time in his life
Has gone home cold sober to his darling wife
He walks in the kitchen, she says, \"You're early, me dear\"
Then he breaks down and he tells her that the pub's got no beer
It's lonesome away from your kindered and all
By the campfire at night where the wild Dingos call
But there's nothin' so lonesome, so dull or so drear
Than to stand in the bar of a pub with no beer"
"2757" "As down the glen came McAlpine's men
With their shovels slung behind them
'Twas in the pub they drank the sub
And up in the spike you'll find them
They sweated blood and they washed down mud
With pints and quarts of beer
And now we're on the road again
With McAlpine's fusiliers
I stripped to the skin with Darky Flynn
Way down upon the Isle of Grain
With the Horseface Toole then I knew the rule
No money if you stop for rain
McAlpine's God was a well filled hod
Your shoulders cut to bits and seared
And woe to he who to looks for tea
With McAlpine's fusiliers
I remember the day that the Bear O'Shea
Fell into a concrete stairs
What the Horseface said, when he saw him dead
Well, it wasn't what the rich call prayers
I'm a navvy short was the one retort
That reached unto my ears
When the going is rough, well you must be tough
With McAlpine's fusiliers
I've worked 'till the sweat has had me bet
With Russian, Czech and Pole
On shuddering jams up in the hydro dams
Or underneath the Thames in a hole
I grafted hard and I've got me cards
And many a ganger's fist across me ears
If you pride your life, don't join by Christ
With McAlpine's fusiliers"
"2758" "When I was young, I used to be,
As fine a man as ever you'd see,
'til the Prince of Wales, he said to me,
Come and join the British army.
Too-ra loo-ra loo-ra loo,
They're lookin' for monkeys up in the zoo,
And since when have I had a face like you?
I'd join the British army.
Sarah Comden baked a cake,
It's all for poor old Slattery's sake,
She threw meself into the lake,
Pretendin' I was barmy.
Too-ra loo-ra loo-ra loo,
I've made me mind up what to do,
Now I'll work me ticket home to you,
And *pfft* the British army.
Sergeant Heeley went away,
And his wife got in the family way,
And the only words that she could say,
Was blame the British army.
Too-ra loo-ra loo-ra loo,
Me curse upon the Labour blue,
That took me darlin' boy from me,
To join the British army.
Corporal Sheen's a turn o' the 'bout,
Just give him a couple o' jars o' stout,
He'll bake the enemy with his mouth,
And save the British army.
Too-ra loo-ra loo-ra loo,
I've made me mind up what to do,
Now I'll work me ticket home to you,
And *pluck* the British army."
"2759" "I bang on the door
but she won't let me in
cuz you're sick and tired of
me reeking of gin.
lock all the doors
from the front to the back
and left me a note
telling me I should pack
I walk in a bar
and the fellas all cheer
they order me up
a whiskey and beer
you ask me why
im writing this poem
some call it tavern
I call it home
chorus:
fuck you im drunk
fuck you im drunk
pour all my beer down the sink
Ive got more in the trunk
fuck you im drunk
fuck you im drunk
and Im going to be drunk
til the next time im drunk
youve given me option
you say I must choose
between you and the liqueur
then Ill take the booze
jumpin on western down to the west side
for Ill sit down
and exercise my Irish pride"
"2760" "Dear sir I write this note to you to tell me of me plight,
And at the time of writing, I am not a pretty sight.
Me body is all black and blue, me face a deathly gray.
And I write this note to say, why Paddy's not at work today.
While working on the fourteenth floor some bricks I had to clear.
Now to throw them down from such a height, was not a good idea.
The foreman wasn't very pleased, he being an awkward sod.
He said I'd have to carry them down the ladders in me hod.
Now, clearing all these bricks by hand, it was so very slow.
So I hoisted up a barrel, and secured the rope below.
But in me haste to do the job, I was too blind to see;
That a barrel full of building bricks was heavier than me.
So when I untied the rope, the barrel fell like lead.
And clinging tightly to the rope I started up instead.
While I shot up like a rocket, to my dismay I found,
That halfway up, I met the bloody barrel coming down.
Well, the barrel broke my shoulders as to the ground it sped,
And when I reached the top, I banged the pulley with me head.
Well I clung on tight though numb and shock from this almighty blow,
And the barrel spilled out half the bricks fourteen floors below.
Now, when these bricks had fallen from the barrel to the floor,
I then outweighed the barrel, and so started down once more.
Still clinging tightly to the rope, I sped towards the ground.
And I landed on the broken bricks that were all scattered 'round.
While I lay their groaning on the ground I thought I passed the worst,
When the barrel hit the pulley wheel, and then the bottom burst.
Well a shower of bricks rained down on me - I hadn't got a hope.
As I lay there moaning on the ground: I let go of the bloody rope.
The barrel then being heavier it started down once more,
And landed right across me as I lay across the floor.
Well it broke three ribs, and my left arm, and I can only say;
That I hope you'll understand why Paddy's not at work today."
"2761" "Farewell to Princes' landing stage River Mersey fare thee well
I am bound for California, a place I know right well
So fare thee well my own true love
When I return united we will be
It's not the leaving of Liverpool that grieves me
But my darling when I think of thee
I have sailed with Burgess once before, I think I know him well
If a man's a sailor he will get along, if not then he's sure in hell
So fare thee well my own true love
When I return united we will be
It's not the leaving of Liverpool that grieves me
But my darling when I think of thee
Farewell to Lower Frederick Street, Anson Terrace and Park Lane
I am bound away for to leave you and I'll never see you again
So fare thee well my own true love
When I return united we will be
It's not the leaving of Liverpool that grieves me
But my darling when I think of thee
I am bound for California by way of stormy Cape Horn
And I will write to thee a letter, love, when I am homeward bound
So fare thee well my own true love
When I return united we will be
It's not the leaving of Liverpool that grieves me
But my darling when I think of thee"
"2762" "Oh it's never too late
To co-conspire commiserate
All it takes is a little bit of love and an awful lot of hate
Is it real?
Does it exist
I know it's wrong
But who am I to resist
All I want is one more time
Some of yours and some of mine
I don't want to spoil the fun but am I the only one who sees what's going
on
Am I the only one who remembers the man from San Sebastian
It's just a few more miles
I'll make it smooth and worth your while
Oh don't look so nervous man
We're just here to lend a hand
I don't want to spoil the fun but am I the only one who sees what's going
on
Am I the only one who remembers the man from San Sebastian
Am I the only one
Am I the only one
Am I the only one
Who remember the man from San Sebastian
From San Sebastian
From San Sebastian
Am I the only one
Am I the only one
San Sebastian
Am I the only one
Who remember the man from San Sebastian
From San Sebastian
From San Sebastian"
"2763" "As I was a goin' over the far famed Kerry mountains
I met with captain Farrell and his money he was counting
I first produced my pistol and I then produced my rapier
Saying \"Stand and deliver\" for he were a bold deceiver
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
I counted out his money and it made a pretty penny
I put it in me pocket and I took it home to Jenny
She sighed and she swore that she never would deceive me
But the devil take the women for they never can be easy
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
I went up to my chamber, all for to take a slumber
I dreamt of gold and jewels and for sure 't was no wonder
But Jenny blew me charges and she filled them up with water
Then sent for captain Farrell to be ready for the slaughter
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
And 't was early in the morning, just before I rose to travel
Up comes a band of footmen and likewise captain Farrell
I first produced me pistol for she stole away me rapier
I couldn't shoot the water, so a prisoner I was taken
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
There's some take delight in the carriages a rolling
and others take delight in the hurling and the bowling
but I take delight in the juice of the barley
and courting pretty fair maids in the morning bright and early
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
And if anyone can aid me 't is my brother in the army
If I can find his station in Cork or in Killarney
And if he'll go with me, we'll go rovin' through Killkenney
And I'm sure he'll treat me better than my own a-sporting Jenny
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar"
"2764" "When Eve was in the garden
Adam climbed an apple tree
He went aloft up to the top
To see what he could see
He gazed in awe of what he saw
That made the poor man grieve
For Patrick John Maloney
Stood there, whispering to Eve
\"Come, kiss me love and miss me love
And dry your bitter tears
My loving you'll remember now
For many, many years\"
\"Be happy love, be satisfied
I left you in the pink
There's many a man, may want a bride
Maloney wants a drink\"
Salome danced for Paddy
Taking off her seven veils
Salome said, \"Maloney
That's a trick that never fails\"
Maloney put Salome's
Only clothing in a sack
\"I'll run along now to the pawn
And bring your bundle back\"
\"Come, kiss me love and miss me love
And dry your bitter tears
My loving you'll remember now
For many, many years\"
\"Be happy love, be satisfied
I left you in the pink
There's many a man, may want a bride
Maloney wants a drink\"
From London to Nebraska
And from Glasgow to Hong Kong
From Cardiff to Alaska
From Peking to Saigon
Ahh, wherever the cattle's are lonely
I know that in his role
Ahh, it's there you'll find Maloney
Awaiting to console
\"Ah, come kiss me love and miss me love
And dry your bitter tears
My loving you'll remember
For many, many years\"
\"Be happy love, be satisfied
I left you in the pink
There's many a man may want a bride
Maloney wants a drink\""
"2765" "Anna Liffey
'Twas down by Anna Liffey
My love and I did stray
Where in the good old slushy mud
The seagulls sport and play
We've got the whiff of ray and chips
And Mary softly sighed
Oh John won't you come,
For a wan and wan
Down by the Liffey side
Well up along by George's Street
The loving pair did view
And Mary swanked it like a queen
In a skirt of navy blue
Her hat was newly turned
And her blouse was newly dyed
So you couldn't bate her amber locks
Down by the Liffey side
And on her old melodeon
How sweetly could she play
She played goodbye and do not sigh
And down by Texas Way
And when she turned Sinn Feiner
I nearly burst with pride
For to hear her sing the 'Soldier's song'
Down by the Liffey side
On Sunday morning to Meath Street
Together we will go
And up to Father Murphy there
We both will make our vow
He'll join our hands in wedlock bands
And soon we'll be outside
For a whole afternoon on our honeymoon
Down by the Liffey side"
"2766" "As I was a goin' over the far famed Kerry mountains
I met with captain Farrell and his money he was counting
I first produced my pistol and I then produced my rapier
Saying \"Stand and deliver\" for he were a bold deceiver
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
I counted out his money and it made a pretty penny
I put it in me pocket and I took it home to Jenny
She sighed and she swore that she never would deceive me
But the devil take the women for they never can be easy
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
I went up to my chamber, all for to take a slumber
I dreamt of gold and jewels and for sure 't was no wonder
But Jenny blew me charges and she filled them up with water
Then sent for captain Farrell to be ready for the slaughter
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
And 't was early in the morning, just before I rose to travel
Up comes a band of footmen and likewise captain Farrell
I first produced me pistol for she stole away me rapier
I couldn't shoot the water, so a prisoner I was taken
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
There's some take delight in the carriages a rolling
and others take delight in the hurling and the bowling
but I take delight in the juice of the barley
and courting pretty fair maids in the morning bright and early
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
And if anyone can aid me 't is my brother in the army
If I can find his station in Cork or in Killarney
And if he'll go with me, we'll go rovin' through Killkenney
And I'm sure he'll treat me better than my own a-sporting Jenny
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar"
"2767" "I travelled all over this wide world,
And now to another I'll go.
I know that good quarters are waitin',
To welcome ol' Roisin' the Beau.
To welcome ol' Roisin' the Beau,
To welcome ol' Roisin' the Beau.
I know that good quarters are waitin',
To welcome ol' Roisin' the Beau.
When I'm dead and laid out on the counter,
A voice will be heard from below:
Sayin' send out a hogshead of whiskey,
Take a drink with ol' Roisin' the Beau.
Take a drink with ol' Roisin' the Beau,
Take a drink with ol' Roisin' the Beau.
Sayin' send out a hogshead of whiskey,
Take a drink with ol' Roisin' the Beau.
Then get a half dozen stout fellows,
And line them all up in a row,
Then drink out a half gallon bottles,
To the memory of Roisin' the Beau.
To the memory of Roisin' the Beau,
To the memory of Roisin' the Beau.
Then drink out a half gallon bottles,
To the memory of Roisin' the Beau.
Then get these half dozen stout fellows,
And let them all stagger and go,
Then dig a great hole in the meadow,
And in it with Roisin' the Beau.
And in it with Roisin' the Beau,
And in it with Roisin' the Beau.
Then dig a great hole in the meadow,
And in it with Roisin' the Beau.
When I hear the old tyrant approaching,
That cruel, remorseless old foe,
I'll lift up my glass in his honour,
Take a drink with ol' Roisin' the Beau.
Take a drink with ol' Roisin' the Beau,
Take a drink with ol' Roisin' the Beau.
I'll lift up my glass in his honour,
Take a drink with ol' Roisin' the Beau."
"2768" "'Twas down by the Glenside I met an old woman
A plucking young nettles she ne'er saw me coming
I listened a while to the song she was humming
Glory o glory o to the Bold Fenian Men
It`s fifty long years since I saw the moon beamin'
On strong manly force, their eyes with hope gleamin'
I see them again through all my sad dreamin'
Glory o glory o to the Bold Fenian Men
Some died by the hillside, some died with the stranger
And wise men have told us their cause was a failure
But they loved their old Ireland and they never feared danger
Glory o glory o to the Bold Fenian Men
I passed on my way, God be praised that I met her
Be life long or short, I will never forget her
We may have brave men but we'll never have better
Glory o glory o to the Bold Fenian Men"
"2769" "Fine girl you are!
Adieu to you my Dinah a thousand times adieu
We`re going away from the Holy Ground and the girls that we love true
We will sail the South sea over and then return for sure
To see again the girls we love and the Holy Ground once more
Chorus:
Fine girl you are! Your`re the girl that I adore
and still I live in hopes to see The Holy Ground once more. Fine girls you are!
See the storm a-rising I see it coming soon,
And the sky it is so cloudy you can scarcely see the moon.
And the good old ship, she was tossing about,
The riggin`was all tore, and still I live with hopes to see, The Holy ground once more.
And now the storm it is over and we are safe on shore,
We will drink a toast to the Holy Ground and the girls that we adore.
We will drink strong ale and porter and make the rafters roar,
And when our money is all spent we`ll go to sea for more."
"2770" "Good evening, all my jolly lads, I'm glad to find you well
If you'll gather all around me, now, the story I will tell
For I've got a situation and begorrah and begob
I can whisper all the weekly wage of nineteen bob
'Tis twelve months come October since I left me native home
After helping them Killarney boys to bring the harvest down
But now I wear the gansey and around me waist a belt
I'm the gaffer of the squad that makes the hot asphalt
Well, we laid it in a hollows and we laid it in the flat
And if it doesn't last forever, sure I swear, I'll eat me hat
Well, I've wandered up and down the world and sure I never felt
Any surface that was equal to the hot asphalt
The other night a copper comes and he says to me, McGuire
Would you kindly let me light me pipe down at your boiler fire?
And he planks himself right down in front, with hobnails up, till late
And says I, me decent man, you'd better go and find your bait
He ups and yells, I'm down on you, I'm up to all yer pranks
Don't I know you for a traitor from the Tipperary ranks?
Boys, I hit straight from the shoulder and I gave him such a belt
That I knocked him into the boiler full of hot asphalt
Well, we laid it in a hollows and we laid it in the flat
And if it doesn't last forever, sure I swear, I'll eat me hat
Well, I've wandered up and down the world and sure I never felt
Any surface that was equal to the hot asphalt
We quickly dragged him out again and we threw him in the tub
And with soap and warm water we began to rub and scrub
But devil the thing, it hardened and it turned him hard as stone
And with every other rub, sure you could hear the copper groan
I'm thinking, says O'Reilly, that he's lookin' like old Nick
And burn me if I am not inclined to claim him with me pick
Now, says I, it would be easier to boil him till he melts
And to stir him nice and easy in the hot asphalt
Well, we laid it in a hollows and we laid it in the flat
And if it doesn't last forever, sure I swear, I'll eat me hat
Well, I've wandered up and down the world and sure I never felt
Any surface that was equal to the hot asphalt
You may talk about yer sailor lads, ballad singers and the rest
Your shoemakers and your tailors but we please the ladies best
The only ones who know the way their flinty hearts to melt
Are the lads around the boiler making hot asphalt
With rubbing and with scrubbing, sure I caught me death of cold
For scientific purposes, me body it was sold
In the Kelvin grove museum, me boys, I'm hangin' in me pelt
As a monument to the Irish, making hot asphalt
Well, we laid it in a hollows and we laid it in the flat
And if it doesn't last forever, sure I swear, I'll eat me hat
Well, I've wandered up and down the world and sure I never felt
Any surface that was equal to the hot asphalt"
"2771" "I'll tell me ma, when I get home
The boys won't leave the girls alone
Pulled me hair, stolen me comb
But that's alright, till I go home
She is handsome, she is pretty
She is the belle of Dublin city
She is a-courting one, two, three
Pray, can you tell me who is she?
Albert Mooney says he loves her
All the boys are fightin' for her
Knock at the door, they're ringin' the bell
\"Hello, my true love are you well?\"
Out she comes white as snow
Rings on her fingers, bells on her toes
Ol' Jenny Murray says she'll die
If she doesn't get the fellow with the roving eye
Let the wind and the rain and the hail blow high
And the snow come travelin' through the sky
She's as sweet as apple pie
She'll get her own right by and by
When she gets a lad of her own
She won't tell her ma when she gets home
Let them all come as they will
It's Albert Mooney she loves still
I'll tell me ma, when I get home
The boys won't leave the girls alone
Pulled me hair, stolen me comb
But that's alright till I get home
She is handsome, she is pretty
She is the belle of Dublin city
She is a-courting one, two, three
Pray, can you tell me who is she?
Albert Mooney says he loves her
All the boys are fightin' for her
Knock at the door, they're ringin' the bell
\"Hello, me true love are you well?\"
Out she comes white as snow
Rings on her fingers, bells on her toes
Ol' Jenny Murray says she'll die
If she doesn't get the fellow with the roving eye
Let the wind and the rain and the hail blow high
And the snow come travellin' through the sky
She's as sweet as apprdle pie
She'll get her own right by and by
When she gets a lad of her own
She won't tell her ma when she gets home
Let them all come as they will
It's Albert Mooney she loves still
She is handsome, she is pretty
She is the belle of Dublin city
She is a-courting one, two, three
Pray, can you tell me who is she?"
"2772" "Well it's all for me grog, me jolly jolly grog,
It's all for me beer and tobacco.
For I spent all me tin on the lassies drinking gin,
Far across the western ocean I must wander.
Where are me boots, me noggin', noggin' boots,
They're all gone for beer and tobacco.
For the heels they are worn out and the toes are kicked about
And the soles are looking out for better weather.
Well it's all for me grog, me jolly jolly grog,
It's all for me beer and tobacco.
For I spent all me tin on the lassies drinking gin,
Far across the western ocean I must wander.
Where is me shirt, me noggin', noggin' shirt,
It's all gone for beer and tobacco,
For the collar is all worn, and the sleeves they are all torn,
And the tail is looking out for better weather.
Well it's all for me grog, me jolly jolly grog,
It's all for me beer and tobacco.
For I spent all me tin on the lassies drinking gin,
Far across the western ocean I must wander.
I'm sick in the head and I haven't been to bed,
Since first I came ashore from me slumber,
For I spent all me dough on the lassies don't you know,
Far across the western ocean I must wander.
Well it's all for me grog, me jolly jolly grog,
It's all for me beer and tobacco.
For I spent all me tin on the lassies drinking gin,
Far across the western ocean I must wander."
"2773" ""
"2774" ""
"2775" "Alive alive oh
alive alive ohh
Singing cockles and mussels
alive alive ohhh
In Dublin's fair city
where the girls are so pretty
I once met a girl named sweet Molly Malone
and she wheeled her wheel barrow
through the streets broad and narrow
singing cockles and mussels alive alive oh
She was a fish monger
and sure was no wonder
so were her mother and father before
and they wheeled their wheel barrow
through the streets broad and narrow
singing cockles and mussels alive alive oh
She died of a fever
and so one could save her
and that was the end of sweet Molly Malone
now her ghost wheels her barrow through the streets broad and narrow
singing cockles and mussels alive alive oh"
"2776" ""
"2777" ""
"2778" ""
"2779" "I am come of the seed of the people, the people that sorrow;
Who have no treasure but hope,
No riches laid up but a memory of an ancient glory
My mother bore me in bondage, in bondage my mother was born,
I am of the blood of serfs;
The children with whom I have played, the men and women with whom I have eaten
Have had masters over them, have been under the lash of masters,
and though gentle, have served churls.
The hands that have touched mine,
the dear hands whose touch Is familiar to me
Have worn shameful manacles, have been bitten at the wrist by manacles,
have grown hard with the manacles and the task-work of strangers.
I am flesh of the flesh of these lowly, I am bone of their bone I that have never submitted;
I that have a soul greater than the souls of my people's masters,
I that have vision and prophecy, and the gift of fiery speech,
I that have spoken with God on the top of his holy hill.
And because I am of the people, I understand the people,
I am sorrowful with their sorrow, I am hungry with their desire;
My heart is heavy with the grief of mothers,
My eyes have been wet with the tears of children,
I have yearned with old wistful men,
And laughed and cursed with young men;
Their shame is my shame, and I have reddened for it
Reddened for that they have served, they who should be free
Reddened for that they have gone in want, while others have been full,
Reddened for that they have walked in fear of lawyers and their jailors.
With their Writs of Summons and their handcuffs,
Men mean and cruel.
I could have borne stripes on my body
Rather than this shame of my people.
And now I speak, being full of vision:
I speak to my people, and I speak in my people's name to
The masters of my people:
I say to my people that they are holy,
That they are august despite their chains.
That they are greater than those that hold them
And stronger and purer,
That they have but need of courage, and to call on the name of their God,
God the unforgetting, the dear God who loves the people
For whom he died naked, suffering shame.
And I say to my people's masters: Beware
Beware of the thing that is coming, beware of the risen people
Who shall take what ye would not give.
Did ye think to conquer the people, or that law is stronger than life,
And than men's desire to be free?
We will try it out with you ye that have harried and held,
Ye that have bullied and bribed.
Tyrants... hypocrites... liars!"
"2780" "A hungry feeling
Came o'er me stealing
All the mice were squealing
In my prison cell
And the auld triangle went jingle-jangle
All along the banks of the Royal Canal
To begin the morning
The screw was bawling
\"Get up ya bowsie!
And Clean up your cell!\"
And the auld triangle went jingle-jangle
All along the banks of the Royal Canal
On a fine Spring evening
The loike lay dreaming
And the sea-gulls squeeling
High above the wall
Oh! the day was dying
And the wind was sighing
As I lay there crying
In my prison cell
And the auld triangle went jingle-jangle
All along the banks of the Royal Canal
Oh! the screw was peeping
And the loike was sleeping
As he lay there weeping
For his poor gal
And the auld triangle went jingle-jangle
All along the banks of the Royal Canal
Up in the female prison
There are seventy five women
And among them,
I wish I did dwell
And the auld triangle went jingle-jangle
All along the banks of the Royal Canal
All along the banks of the Royal Canal"
"2781" ""
"2782" "Make way for the Molly Maguires
They're drinkers, they're liars but they're men
Make way for the Molly Maguires
You'll never see the likes of them again
Down the mines no sunlight shines
Those pits they're black as hell
In modest style they do their time
It's Paddy's prison cell
And they curse the day they've travelled far
Then drown their tears with a jar
So make way for the Molly Maguires
They're drinkers, they're liars but they're men
Make way for the Molly Maguires
You'll never see the likes of them again
Backs will break and muscles ache
Down there there's no time to dream
Of fields and farms, of womans arms
Just dig that bloody seam
Though they drain their bodies underground
Who'll dare to push them around
So make way for the Molly Maguires
They're drinkers, they're liars but they're men
Make way for the Molly Maguires
You'll never see the likes of them again
So make way for the Molly Maguires
They're drinkers, they're liars but they're men
Make way for the Molly Maguires
You'll never see the likes of them again"
"2783" ""
"2784" "As I was a goin' over the far famed Kerry mountains
I met with captain Farrell and his money he was counting
I first produced my pistol and I then produced my rapier
Saying \"Stand and deliver\" for he were a bold deceiver
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
I counted out his money and it made a pretty penny
I put it in me pocket and I took it home to Jenny
She sighed and she swore that she never would deceive me
But the devil take the women for they never can be easy
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
I went up to my chamber, all for to take a slumber
I dreamt of gold and jewels and for sure 't was no wonder
But Jenny blew me charges and she filled them up with water
Then sent for captain Farrell to be ready for the slaughter
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
And 't was early in the morning, just before I rose to travel
Up comes a band of footmen and likewise captain Farrell
I first produced me pistol for she stole away me rapier
I couldn't shoot the water, so a prisoner I was taken
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
There's some take delight in the carriages a rolling
and others take delight in the hurling and the bowling
but I take delight in the juice of the barley
and courting pretty fair maids in the morning bright and early
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar
And if anyone can aid me 't is my brother in the army
If I can find his station in Cork or in Killarney
And if he'll go with me, we'll go rovin' through Killkenney
And I'm sure he'll treat me better than my own a-sporting Jenny
Mush-a ring dumb-a do dumb-a da
Wack fall the daddy-o, wack fall the daddy-o
There's whiskey in the jar"
"2785" "On Raglan Road on an autumn day
I saw her first and knew
That her dark hair would weave a snare
That I might one day rue
I saw the danger, yet I passed
Along the enchanted way
And I said, let grief be a falling leaf
At the dawning of the day
On Grafton Street in November
We tripped lightly along the ledge
Of a deep ravine where can be seen
The worth of passions pledged
The Queen of Hearts still making tarts
And I not making hay
Oh, I loved too much and by such, by such
Is happiness thrown away
I gave her gifts of the mind
I gave her the secret sign
That's known to the artists who have known
The true gods of sound and stone
And word and tint I did not stint
For I gave her poems to say
With her own name there and her own dark hair
Like clouds over fields of May
On a quiet street where old ghosts meet
I see her walking now
Away from me so hurriedly
My reason must allow
That I had loved not as I should
A creature made of clay
When the angel woos the clay
He'll lose his wings at dawn of day"
"2786" ""
"2787" "I danced in the morning
When the world was begun,
And I danced in the moon
And the stars and the sun,
And I came down from heaven
And I danced on the earth,
At Bethlehem
I had my birth.
Dance, then, wherever you may be,
I am the Lord of the Dance, said he,
And I'll lead you all, wherever you may be,
And I'll lead you all in the Dance, said he
I danced for the scribe
And the pharisee,
But they would not dance
And they wouldn't follow me.
I danced for the fishermen,
For James and John
They came with me
And the Dance went on.
Dance, then, wherever you may be,
I am the Lord of the Dance, said he,
And I'll lead you all, wherever you may be,
And I'll lead you all in the Dance, said he
I danced on the Sabbath
And I cured the lame;
The holy people
Said it was a shame.
They whipped and they stripped
And they hung me on high,
And they left me there
On a Cross to die.
Dance, then, wherever you may be,
I am the Lord of the Dance, said he,
And I'll lead you all, wherever you may be,
And I'll lead you all in the Dance, said he
I danced on a Friday
When the sky turned black
It's hard to dance
With the devil on your back.
They buried my body
And they thought I'd gone,
But I am the Dance,
And I still go on.
Dance, then, wherever you may be,
I am the Lord of the Dance, said he,
And I'll lead you all, wherever you may be,
And I'll lead you all in the Dance, said he
They cut me down
And I leapt up high;
I am the life
That'll never, never die;
I'll live in you
If you'll live in me -
I am the Lord
Of the Dance, said he."
"2788" "'Twas down the glen one Easter morn
To a city fair rode I.
When armed line of marching men
In squadrons passed me by.
No pipes did hum, no battle drum
Did sound its loud tattoo
But the Angelus bell o'er the Liffey's swell
Rang out in the foggy dew.
Right proudly high over Dublin town
They hung out a flag of war.
'Twas better to die 'neath an Irish sky
Than at Suvla or Sud el Bar.
And from the plains of Royal Meath
Strong men came hurrying through;
While Brittania's huns with their great big guns
Sailed in through the foggy dew.
'Twas England bade our wild geese go
That small nations might be free.
But their lonely graves are by Suvla's waves
On the fringe of the gray North Sea.
But had they died by Pearse's side
Or fought with Cathal Brugha,
Their names we'd keep where the Fenians sleep
'Neath the shroud of the foggy dew.
The bravest fell, and the solemn bell
Rang mournfully and clear
For those who died that Watertide
In the springing of the year.
And the world did gaze with deep amaze
At those fearless men, but few
Who bore the fight that freedom's light
Might shine through the foggy dew."
"2789" ""
"2790" ""
"2791" ""
"2792" ""
"2793" "By a lonely prison wall,
I heard a young girl calling
Michael they have taken you away,
For you stole Trevelyan's corn
So the young might see the morn,
Now a prison ship lies waiting in the bay
CHORUS
Low lie, The Fields of Athenry
where once we watched the small free birds fly
Our love was on the wing
we had dreams and songs to sing,
It's so lonely round the Fields of Athenry
By a lonely prison wall
I heard a young man calling
'Nothing matters Mary, when you're free'
Against the famine and the crown,
I rebelled, they cut me down
Now you must raise our child with dignity
CHORUS
By a lonely harbour wall
She watched the last star falling
As the prison ship sailed out against the sky
For she lived in hope and pray
For her love in Botany Bay
It's so lonely round the Fields Of Athenry
CHORUS"
"2794" "While in the merry month of May from me home I started,
Left the girls of Tuam so sad and broken hearted,
Saluted father dear, kissed me darling mother,
Drank a pint of beer, me grief and tears to smother,
Then off to reap the corn, leave where I was born,
Cut a stout black thorn to banish ghosts and goblins;
Bought a pair of brogues rattling o'er the bogs
And fright'ning all the dogs on the rocky road to Dublin.
One, two, three four, five,
Hunt the Hare and turn her down the rocky road
all the way to Dublin, Whack follol de rah !
In Mullingar that night I rested limbs so weary,
Started by daylight next morning blithe and early,
Took a drop of pure to keep me heartfrom sinking;
Thats a Paddy's cure whenever he's on drinking.
See the lassies smile, laughing all the while
At me curious style, 'twould set your heart a bubblin'
Asked me was I hired, wages I required,
I was almost tired of the rocky road to Dublin.
One, two, three four, five,
Hunt the Hare and turn her down the rocky road
all the way to Dublin, Whack follol de rah !
In Dublin next arrived, I thought it such a pity
To be soon deprived a view of that fine city.
So then I took a stroll, all among the quality;
Me bundle it was stole, all in a neat locality.
Something crossed me mind, when I looked behind,
No bundle could I find upon me stick a wobblin'
Enquiring for the rogue, they said me Connaught brogue
Wasn't much in vogue on the rocky road to Dublin.
One, two, three four, five,
Hunt the Hare and turn her down the rocky road
all the way to Dublin, Whack follol de rah !
From there I got away, me spirits never falling,
Landed on the quay, just as the ship was sailing.
The Captain at me roared, said that no room had he;
When I jumped aboard, a cabin found for Paddy.
Down among the pigs, played some hearty rigs,
Danced some hearty jigs, the water round me bubbling;
When off Holyhead I wished meself was dead,
Or better for instead on the rocky road to Dublin.
One, two, three four, five,
Hunt the Hare and turn her down the rocky road
all the way to Dublin, Whack follol de rah !
Well the boys of Liverpool, when we safely landed,
Called meself a fool, I could no longer stand it.
Blood began to boil, temper I was losing;
Poor old Erin's Isle they began abusing.
\"Hurrah me soul\" says I, me Shillelagh I let fly.
Some Galway boys were nigh and saw I was a hobble in,
With a load \"hurray !\" joined in the affray.
We quitely cleared the way for the rocky road to Dublin.
One, two, three four, five,
Hunt the Hare and turn her down
the rocky road and all the way to Dublin,
Whack follol de rah !"
"2795" "I met my love by the gas works wall
Dreamed a dream by the old canal
I kissed my girl by the factory wall
Dirty old town
Dirty old town
Clouds are drifting across the moon
Cats are prowling on their beat
Spring's a girl from the streets at night
Dirty old town
Dirty old town
I heard a siren from the docks
Saw a train set the night on fire
Smelled the spring on the smoky wind
Dirty old town
Dirty old town
I'm going to make me a good sharp axe
Shining steel tempered in the fire
I'll chop you down like an old dead tree
Dirty old town
Dirty old town
I met my love by the gas works wall
Dreamed a dream by the old canal
I kissed my girl by the factory wall
Dirty old town
Dirty old town
Dirty old town
Dirty old town"
"2796" "In my memory I will always see
the town that I have loved so well
where our school played ball by the gasyard wall
and we laughed through the smoke and the smell.
Going home in the rain running up the dark lane
past the jail and down behind the fountain
Those were happy days in so many many ways
in the town I loved so well.
In the early morning the shirt-factory horn
called women from Craigeen the Moor and the Bog
while the man on the dole played the mother`s role
fed the children and then trained the dogs.
And when times got tough there was just about enough
but they saw it through without complaining
for deep inside was a burning pride
for the town I loved so well.
There was music there in the Derry air
like a language that we all could understand
I remember the day when I earned my first pay
as I played in the small pick-up band.
There I spent my youth and to tell you the truth
I was sad to leave it all behind me
for I`d learned `bout life and I`ve found me a wife
in the town I loved so well.
But when I returned how my eyes have burned
to see how a town could be brought ti its knees
by the armored cars and the bombed-out bars
and the gas that hangs on to every breeze.
Now the army`s installed by that old gasyard wall
and the damned barbwire gets high and higher
with their tanks and their guns, oh my god what have they done
to the town I loved so well."
"2797" "I remember the night that he came in from the wintery
Cold and damp
A giant of a man in an oilskin coat, and a bundle that
Told he was a tramp
He stood at the bar and he called a pint, then turned
And gazed at the fire
On a night like this, to be save and dry is my one and
Only desire
So here's to those that are dead and gone, the friends
That I loved dear
And here's to you and I'll bid you adieu, sayin'
\"Donegal Danny's been here, me boys,
Donegal Danny's been here\"
Then in a voice that was hushed and low he said
\"Listen, I'll tell you a tale\"
How a man of the sea became a man of the road and never
More will set sail
I fished out of Howth and Killybegs, Ardglass and
Baltimore
But the cruel sea has beat'n me and I'll end my days on
The shore
So here's to those that are dead and gone, the friends
That I loved dear
And here's to you and I'll bid you adieu, sayin'
\"Donegal Danny's been here, me boys,
Donegal Danny's been here\"
One fateful night in the wind and the rain we set sail
From Killybegs town
There were five of us from sweet Donegal and one from
County Down
We were fishermen who worked the sea and never counted
The cost
But I never thought 'ere that night was done, that my
Fine friends would all be lost
So here's to those that are dead and gone, the friends
That I loved dear
And here's to you and I'll bid you adieu, sayin'
\"Donegal Danny's been here, me boys,
Donegal Danny's been here\"
Then the storm it broke and drove the boat, to the
Rocks about ten miles from shore
As we fought the tide, we hoped inside to see our homes
Once more
Then we struck a rock and holed the bow and all of us
Knew that she'd go down
So we jumped right into the icy sea and prayed to God
We wouldn't drown
But the ragin' sea was risin' still as we struck out
For the land
And she fought with all her cruelty to claim that
Gallant band
By Saint John's point in the early dawn I dragged
Myself on the shore
And I cursed the sea for what she'd done and vowed to
Sail her never more
So here's to those that are dead and gone, the friends
That I loved dear
And here's to you and I'll bid you adieu, sayin'
\"Donegal Danny's been here, me boys,
Donegal Danny's been here\"
Ever since that night I've been on the road, travelin'
And tryin' to forget
That awful night I lost all my friends, I see their
Faces yet
And often at night when the sea is high and the rain is
Tearing at my skin
I hear the cries of drowning men, floating over on the
Wind
So here's to those that are dead and gone, the friends
That I loved dear
And here's to you and I'll bid you adieu, sayin'
\"Donegal Danny's been here, me boys,
Donegal Danny's been here\"
So here's to those that are dead and gone, the friends
That I loved dear
And here's to you and I'll bid you adieu, sayin'
\"Donegal Danny's been here, me boys,
Donegal Danny's been here\""
"2798" ""
"2799" ""
"2800" "Oh my name it is Sam Hall chimney sweep, chimney sweep
Oh my name it is Sam Hall chimney sweep
Oh my name it is Sam Hall and I've robbed both great
And small
And my neck will pay for all when I die, when I die
And my neck will pay for all when I die
I have twenty pounds in store, that's not all, that's
Not all
I have twenty pounds in store, that's not all
I have twenty pounds in store and I'll rob for twenty
More
For the rich must help the poor, so must I, so must I
For the rich must help the poor, so must I
Oh they took me to Cootehill in a cart, in a cart
Oh they took me to Cootehill in a cart
Oh they took me to Cootehill where I stopped to make my
Will
Saying the best of friends must part, so must I, so
Must I
Saying the best of friends must part, so must I
Up the ladder I did grope, that's no joke, that's no
Joke
Up the ladder I did grope, that's no joke
Up the ladder I did grope and the hangman pulled the
Rope
And ne'er a word I spoke, tumbling down, tumbling down
And ne'er a word I spoke tumbling down
Oh my name it is Sam Hall chimney sweep, chimney sweep
Oh my name it is Sam Hall chimney sweep
Oh my name it is Sam Hall and I've robbed both great
And small
And my neck will pay for all when I die, when I die
And my neck will pay for all when I die"
"2801" ""
"2802" "I dreamed I saw Joe Hill last night
Alive as you and me
Says I, 'But Joe, you're ten years dead'
'I never died', says he
'I never died', says he.
In Salt Lake, Joe, says I
Him standing by my side
'They framed you on a murder charge'
Says Joe, 'I never died'
Says Joe, 'I never died.'
The copper bosses they shot you, Joe,
They filled you full of lead
'Takes more than guns to kill a man'
Says Joe, 'And I ain't dead'
Says Joe, 'And I ain't dead.'
And standing there as big as life
And smiling with his eyes
Says Joe, 'What they forgot to kill'
'Went on to organize'
'Went on to organize.'
Joe Hill ain't dead, he says to me
Joe Hill ain't never died
Where working man are out on strike
Joe Hill is at their side
Joe Hill is at their side.
In San Diego up to Maine
In every mine and mill
Where working men defend their rights
It's there you'll find Joe Hill
It's there you'll find Joe Hill.
I dreamed I saw Joe Hill last night
Alive as you and me
Says I, But Joe, you're ten years dead
I never died, says he
I never died, says he."
"2803" "I've been a Wild Rover for many's the Year
And I spend all my money on Whiskey and Beer
And now I'm returning with Gold in great store
And I never will play the Wild Rover no more
And it's no,nay,never
no,nay,never no more
will I play the Wild Rover
no,never no more
I went into an alehouse I used to frequent
And I told my Landlady my Money was spent
I asked her for Credit She answered me nay
Such a Custom as yours I could have any day
And it's no,nay,never.....
I took from my pocket ten Sovereigns bright
And the Landlady's eyes opened up with delight
She said she had Whiskeys and Wines of the best
And the words that She tolt me were only in jest
And it's no,nay,never.....
I went home to my Parents confest what I'd done
And I asked them to pardon their prodigal son
And when they'd caressed me as oft times before
I never will play the Wild Rover no more
And it's no,nay,never....."
"2804" ""
"2805" ""
"2806" ""
"2807" ""
"2808" "Oh if you've got a wingo, take her up to Ringo
Where the waxies sing-o all the day.
If you've had your fill of porter and you can't go any
Further
Just give your men the order, \"Back to the quay\"
And take her up to Monto, Monto, Monto
Take her up to Monto langeroo! To you
Well you've heard of Butcher Foster, the dirty old
Imposter
He took his mot and lost her up in Furry Glen
He first put on his bowler, then he buttoned up his
Trousers
And he whistled for a growler and he said \"My men\"
And take me up to Monto, Monto, Monto
Take me up to Monto langeroo! To you
Well you've heard of the Dublin Fusiliers, the dirty
Old bamboozaliers
They went and got the childer, one, two, three
Marchin' from the Linen Hall, there's one for every
Cannon ball
And Vicky's goin' to send youse all o'er the sea
But First go up to Monto, Monto, Monto
First go up to Monto langeroo! To you
Well Carry told him, \"Skin the goat\"; O'Donnell put him
On the boat
He never should have been afloat, the dirty skite
It wasn't very sensible to tell on the Invincibles
They stood up for the principals, day and night
They're goin' up to Monto, Monto, Monto
Goin' up to Monto langeroo! To you
Now the czar of Russia, and the king of Prussia
Landed in the Phoenix in a big balloon
They asked the Police band to play the \"The wearin' o'
The Green\"
But the buggers in the depot didn't know the tune
So they all went up to Monto, Monto, Monto
They all went up to Monto langeroo! To you
The Queen she came to call on us, she wanted to see all
Of us,
I'm glad she didn't fall on us, she's eighteen stone
Well \"Mr. Neill, Lord Mayor\", says she, \"Is this all
You've got to show to me?\"
\"why no ma'am, there's some more to see ? p?g mo thoin
And he took her up to Monto, Monto, Monto
He took her up to Monto, langeroo! To you
Well if you've got a wingo, take her up to Ringo
Where the waxies sing-o all the day.
If you've had your fill of porter and you can't go any
Further
Just give your men the order, \"Back to the quay\"
And take her up to Monto, Monto, Monto
Take her up to Monto langeroo! To you"
"2809" ""
"2810" ""
"2811" "The Band Played Waltzing Matilda, Eric Bogle
When I was a young man I carried me pack
And I lived the free life of the rover
From the Murray's green basin to the dusty outback
I waltzed my Matilda all over
Then in 1915 my country said: Son,
It's time to stop rambling, there's work to be done
So they gave me a tin hat and they gave me a gun
And they sent me away to the war
And the band played Waltzing Matilda
When the ship pulled away from the quay
And amid all the tears, flag waving and cheers
We sailed off for Gallipoli
It well I remember that terrible day
When our blood stained the sand and the water
And how in that hell they call Suvla Bay
We were butchered like lambs at the slaughter
Johnny Turk, he was ready, he primed himself well
He rained us with bullets, and he showered us with shell
And in five minutes flat, we were all blown to hell
He nearly blew us back home to Australia
And the band played Waltzing Matilda
When we stopped to bury our slain
Well we buried ours and the Turks buried theirs
Then it started all over again
Oh those that were living just tried to survive
In that mad world of blood, death and fire
And for ten weary weeks I kept myself alive
While around me the corpses piled higher
Then a big Turkish shell knocked me arse over head
And when I awoke in me hospital bed
And saw what it had done, I wished I was dead
I never knew there was worse things than dying
Oh no more I'll go Waltzing Matilda
All around the green bush far and near
For to hump tent and pegs, a man needs both legs
No more waltzing Matilda for me
They collected the wounded, the crippled, the maimed
And they shipped us back home to Australia
The armless, the legless, the blind and the insane
Those proud wounded heroes of Suvla
And when the ship pulled into Circular Quay
I looked at the place where me legs used to be
And thank Christ there was no one there waiting for me
To grieve and to mourn and to pity
And the Band played Waltzing Matilda
When they carried us down the gangway
Oh nobody cheered, they just stood there and stared
Then they turned all their faces away
Now every April I sit on my porch
And I watch the parade pass before me
I see my old comrades, how proudly they march
Renewing their dreams of past glories
I see the old men all tired, stiff and worn
Those weary old heroes of a forgotten war
And the young people ask \"What are they marching for?\"
And I ask myself the same question
And the band plays Waltzing Matilda
And the old men still answer the call
But year after year, their numbers get fewer
Someday, no one will march there at all
Waltzing Matilda, Waltzing Matilda
Who'll come a-Waltzing Matilda with me?
And their ghosts may be heard as they march by the billabong
So who'll come a-Waltzing Matilda with me?"
"2812" "In a neat little town they called Belfast
Apprentice to trade I was bound
And many an hour sweet happiness
Have I spent in that neat little town
As sad misfortune came over me
Which caused me to stray from the land
Far away from me friends and relations
betrayed by the black velvet band
Her eyes they shown like diamonds
I thought her the queen of the land
And her hair, it hung over her shoulder
Tied up with a black velvet band
I took a stroll down broadway
Meaning not long for to stay
When who should I meet but this pretty fair maid
come a-traipsing along the highway
She was both fair and handsome
Her neck, it was just like a swan
And her hair, it hung over her shoulder
Tied up with a black velvet band
Her eyes they shown like diamonds
I thought her the queen of the land
And her hair, it hung over her shoulder
Tied up with a black velvet band
I took a stroll with this pretty fair maid
And a gentleman passing us by
Well, I knew she meant the doing of him
By the look in her roguish black eye
A gold watch she took from his pocket
And placed it right into my hand
And the very first thing that I said, was
Bad 'cess to the black velvet band
Her eyes they shown like diamonds
I thought her the queen of the land
And her hair, it hung over her shoulder
Tied up with a black velvet band
Before the judge and the jury
Next morning, I had to appear
The judge, he says to me:
\"Young man, you're case it is proven clear
We'll give you seven years penal servitude
To be spent far away from the land
Far away from your friends and relations
Betrayed by the black velvet band\"
Her eyes they shown like diamonds
I thought her the queen of the land
And her hair, it hung over her shoulder
Tied up with a black velvet band
So come all you jolly young fellows
A warning take by me
When you are out on the town, me lads
Beware of the pretty colleens
They'll feed you with strong drink, me lads
'Til you are unable to stand
And the very first thing that you'll know is
You've landed in Van Diemens Land
Her eyes they shown like diamonds
Her neck, it was just like a swan
And her hair, it hung over her shoulder
Tied up with a black velvet band"
"2813" "I wish I was in Carrickfergus
Only for nights in Ballygrand
I would swim over the deepest ocean
Only for nights in Ballygrand
But the sea is wide and I cannot swim over
And neither have I the wings to fly
I wish I had a handsome boatsman
To ferry me over my love and I
(This verse is only sung on the 40 years cd)
My childhood days bring back sad reflections
Of happy times there spent so long ago
My boyhood friends and my own relations
Have all past on now with the melting snow
So I'll spend my days in this endless roving
Soft is the grass and shore, my bed is free
Oh to be home now in carrickfergus
On the long rode down to the salty sea
Now in Kilkenny it is reported
On marble stone there as black as ink
With gold and silver I would support her
But I'll sing no more now til I get a drink
Cause I'm drunk today and I'm seldom sober
A handsome rover from town to town
Ah but I'm sick now my days are number
Come all me young men and lay me down
Come all me young men and lay me down."
"2814" "As I went home on Monday night,
As drunk as drunk could be.
I saw a horse outside the door,
Where my old horse should be.
I called my wife and I said to her:
Will you kindly tell to me,
Who owns that horse outside the door,
Where my old horse should be?
Ay, you're drunk, you're drunk you silly old fool,
Still you cannot see.
That's a lovely sow that my mother sent to me.
Well, it's many a day I've traveled, a hundred miles or more,
But a saddle on a sow, sure, I never saw before.
As I went home on Tuesday night,
As drunk as drunk could be.
I saw a coat behind the door,
Where my old coat should be.
I called my wife and I said to her:
Will you kindly tell to me,
Who owns that coat behind the door,
Where my old coat should be?
Oh, you're drunk, you're drunk
You silly old fool,
Still you cannot see.
That's a woolen blanket that my mother sent to me.
Well, it's many a day I've traveled, a hundred miles or more,
But buttons on a blanket, sure, I never saw before.
As I went home on Wednesday night,
As drunk as drunk could be.
I saw a pipe upon the chair,
Where my old pipe should be.
I called my wife and I said to her:
Will you kindly tell to me,
Who owns that pipe upon the chair
Where my old pipe should be.
Oh, you're drunk, you're drunk
You silly old fool,
still you cannot see.
That's a lovely tin-whistle, that my mother sent to me.
Well, it's many a day I've traveled, a hundred miles or more,
But tobacco in a tin-whistle, sure, I never saw before.
As I came home on Thursday nigh,
As drunk as drunk could be.
I saw two boots beside the bed,
Where my old boots should be.
I called my wife and I said to her:
Will you kindly tell to me,
Who owns them boots beside the bed
Where my old boots should be.
Oh, you're drunk, you're drunk
You silly old fool,
Still you cannot see.
They're two lovely flower pots my mother sent to me.
Well, it's many a day I've traveled, a hundred miles or more,
But laces in flower pots I never saw before.
As I came home on Friday night,
As drunk as drunk could be.
I saw a head upon the bed,
Where my old head should be.
I called my wife and I said to her:
Will you kindly tell to me,
Who owns that head upon the bed,
Where my old head should be.
Oh, you're drunk, you're drunk
You silly old fool,
Still you cannot see.
That's a baby boy, that my mother sent to me.
Well, it's many a day I've traveled, a hundred miles or more,
But a baby boy with his whiskers on, sure, I never saw before."
"2815" "As I came down through Dublin City
At the hour of twelve at night
Who should I spy but a Spanish lady
Washing her feet by the candlelight
First she washed them, then she dried them
Over a fire of amber coals
In all me life I ne'er did see
A maid so sweet about the soul
Whack for the Too Rye, ooh, Ray lady
Whack for the Too Rye, ooh, Rye aye
As I came back through Dublin City
At the hour of half past eight
Who should I spy but the Spanish lady
Brushing her hair in the broad daylight
First she brushed it, then she tossed it
On her lap was a silver comb
In all me life I ne'er did see
A maid so fair since I did roam
Whack for the Too Rye, ooh, Ray lady
Whack for the Too Rye, ooh, Rye aye
As I returned to Dublin City
As the sun began to set
Who should I spy but a Spanish lady
Catching a moth, in a golden net
First she saw me, then she fled me
Lifted her petticoats o'er her knee
In all me life I ne'er did see
A maid so fair as the Spanish lady
Whack for the Too Rye, ooh, Ray lady
Whack for the Too Rye, ooh, Rye aye
I've wandered north and I have wonder south
Through Stoney Barter and Patrick's close
Up and around, by the Gloucester Diamond
And back by Napper Tandys' house
Auld age has laid her hands on me
Cold as a fire of ashy coals
But there is the love of me Spanish lady
A maid so sweet about the soul
Whack for the Too Rye, ooh, Ray lady
Whack for the Too Rye, ooh, Rye aye
Whack for the Too Rye, ooh, Ray lady
Whack for the Too Rye, ooh, Rye aye"
"2816" ""
"2817" "The Wind doth blow today my love,
A few small drops the rain.
Never have i had but one true love,
In cold clay she is lain.
I'll do as much for my true love,
As any young man may.
I'll sit and mourn all on her grave,
A twelve month and a day.
The twelve month and a day been gone,
A voice spoke from the deep.
\"Who is it sits all on my grave.
And will not let me sleep?\"
Tis I Tis I thine own true love,
Who site upon your grave,
For I crave one kiss from your sweet lips,
And that is all i seek.
\"You crave one kiss from my clay cold lips,
But my breath is earthy strong.
Had you one kiss from my clay cold lips,
You're time would not be long\"
My time be long, my time be short,
Tomorrow or today,
May God in heaven have all my soul
But I'll kiss you lips of clay.
See down in yonder garden green.
Love where we used to walk.
The sweetest flower that ever grew.
Is withered to the stalk.
The stalk is withered dry sweetheart,
So will our hearts decay.
So make yourself content, my love,
'Til death calls you away"
"2818" ""
"2819" "Have you heard of one Humpty Dumpty
How he fell with a roll and a rumble
And curled up like Lord Olofa Crumple
By the butt of the Magazine Wall
Of the Magazine Wall/Hump, helmet and all?
He was one time our King of the Castle
Now he's kicked about like a rotten old parsnip.
And from Green Street he'll be sent by order of His Worship
To the penal jail of Mountjoy
To the jail of Mountjoy!/Jail him and joy.
He was fafafather of all schemes for to bother us
Slow coaches and immaculate contraceptives for the populace,
Mare's milk for the sick, seven dry Sundays a week,
Openair love and religion's reform,
And religious reform/Hideous in form.
Arrah, why, says you, couldn't he manage it?
I'll go bail, me fine dairyman darling,
Like the bumping bull of the Cassidys
All your butter is in your horns
His butter is in his horns./Butter his horns!
Hurrah there, Hosty, frosty Hosty, change that shirt on ye
Hurrah there, Hosty, frosty Hosty, change that shirt on ye,
Rhyme the rann, the king of all ranns!
We had chaw chaw chops, chairs, chewing gum,
The chicken pox and china chambers
Universally provided by this soffsoaping salesman.
Small wonder He'll Cheat E'erawan our local lads nicknamed him
When Chimpden first took the floor
With his bucketshop store
Down Bargainweg, Lower.
So snug he was in his hotel premises sumptuous
But soon we'll bonfire all his trash, tricks and trumpery
And 'tis short till sheriff Clancy'll be winding up his unlimited
Company
With the bailiff's bom at the door
Bimbam at the door/Then he'll bum no more.
Sweet bad luck on the waves washed to our island
The hooker of the hammerfast viking
And Gall's curse on the day when Eblana bay
Saw his black and tan man-o'-war
Saw his man-o'-war/On the harbour bar.
8. Where from? roars Poolbeg. Cookingha'pence, he bawls Donnez-moi
Scampitle, wick an wipin'fampiny
Fingal Mac Oscar Onesine Bargearse Boniface
Thok's min gammelhole Norveegickers moniker
Og as ay are at gammelhore Norveegickers cod.
A Norwegian camel old cod./He is, begod.
Lift it, Hosty, lift it, ye devil ye! up with the rann, the rhyming
Rann!
It was during some fresh water garden pumping
Or according to the Nursing Mirror, while admiring the monkeys
That our heavyweight heathen Humpharey
Made bold a maid to woo
Woohoo, what'll she doo!
The general lost her maidenloo!
He ought to blush for himself, the old hayheaded philosopher
For to go and shove himself that way on top of her.
Begob, he's the crux of the catalogue
Of our antediluvial zoo
Messrs. Billing and Coo.
Noah's larks, good as no.
He was joulting by Wellinton's monument
Our rotorious hipppopopotamuns
When some bugger let down the backtrap of the omnibus
And he caught his death of fusiliers,
With his rent in his rears./Give him six years.
'Tis sore pity for his innocent poor children
But look out for his missus legitimate!
When that frew gets a grip of old Earwicker
Won't there be earwigs on the green?
Big earwigs on the green,
The largest ever you seen.
Suffoclose! Shikespower! Suedodanto! Anonymoses!
Then we'll have a free trade Gaels' band and mass meeting
For to sod the brave son of Scandiknavery
And we'll bury him down in Oxmanstown
Along with the devil and Danes,
With the deaf and dumb Danes,/And all their remains.
And not all the king's men nor his horses
Will resurrect his corpus
For there's no true spell in Connacht or hell"
"2820" "VERSE 1:
She said that this was infinite
I swore it was a drug
I think that we confusing the lust with love
Baby its your kind words leading me astray
And the fact that when I'm not around you can't behave
I try to see the good side cover up the bad
The issue ain't with me, man, I swear it's with your dad
And I ain't got no time for fixing his mistakes
I know you got your walls up but show me how they break
Then we can do it now
CHORUS:
Why don't you tell me what your talking 'bout
You got me spinning 'round
Why don't you tell me what your talking 'bout
You got me spinning
'Round and around and around and around
Where it stops we'll never know
VERSE 2:
My brain is a blender, babe
My heart is in a hole
My feelings, off the chart and I'm about to explode
Your telling me this one thing, then changing up the lie
Begging me to come back but I don't wanna try
Wasted all this time believing all you spoke
Now I'm sittin' here with all the pieces that you broke
I don't have the hope, I used to have in the past
Tell B.O.B. our airplanes just crashed and you can sing about it
CHORUS
Bridge:
You said that this was infinite
I swore it was a drug
I think that we are confusing the lust with the love
CHORUS"
"2821" "VERSE1:
I've been given more chances then I really think I deserve
I figured I'd be hurt, I'm pretty sure I need work
But these words have healed that little hole in me
Before that fact there's no consoling me
We're controlled to be another lonely seed
Giving birth to the life and we devoted
We can't move without testing grounds
Now we can't be found'cuz
CHORUS:
The shadows pull me down
But they know they'll never take me, take me
I'm already found
And I got one life to live for
I got one life to live for
VERSE 2:
Dark clouds and dark towns consume me still
Figured I'd get control if I'd consume this pill
Is it fake or real, I can't take the thrill
Of wondering what's left in this brain to kill
This pain's sustilled but emotions churn
This shadow has been cast on the past that burns
Now at last, my turn to break the grasp and learn
Who controls the future
It's mine to earn
Let's go"
"2822" "Verse 1:
This is our town boy and when we come through
Y'all can keep talking but what you gonna do
I heard you thinking you a bad boy, mount up
They don't stand a chance, we knock 'em out the house bro
We ain't going platinum, we going moon rock
I know you heard of us baby, they call us boombox
AK all day and we dont play
My advice is stay out of harm's way
Chorus:
This is our town, this is our house
This is our place, ain't nobody getting out
Now if you feel me, put 'em up, put 'em up
Verse 2:
Check the street signs, this our home
Phillips Arena, Peachtree, and the Georgia Dome
Turner field, the real deal, and the Chop Shop
And I ain't leavin' this town 'til my heart stops
Diggin' roots in, building sky high
And people throwin' up A's when we ride by
King of the south boy, doing the dirty bird
Watch the Falcons rise up while we doing work
we gon' shake 'em off, ridin' 85
This is the life that we chose, we gon' pay it by
Home of OutKast, we got the Luda king
And the human highlight film to name a few things
CHORUS
Verse 3:
Call this the gauntlet, call it ya crash course
Cuz you gon' need some air bags from the blast force
We can lay the path or even set the standard
And you prolly go missin' in Underground Atlanta
But that ain't our fault, we been warning you
And these towels keep flyin' in from your corner dude
You can find us number one on the rock charts
And sold out on Wall Street when the stocks start
Gotta lot of heart, that's a must now
Can't hold us down, boy we about to bust out
We got them blue socks, to match those suede shoes
Hound dawg, and outlaws in the A dude
CHORUS"
"2823" "Over dosage, and we flowi'n just like ocean's motion
We makin' that mixture of hits, we call it magic potion
I'm going out my mind and we still DIY
So when you need to find the rhythm with the meter, well its on that time
And we still on the grind, NYC to the Georgia line
It's so important, I'm banging out beats 'til the world is mine
I know that's sounding lame, but I really wanna make a change
And make the newest thing something that I know you'll sing
I think we far from vain
Make it all swing likes its off the chain
Hip hop's the blood in me but the rock 'n roll supplies my brain
I'm so exhausted man, ain't got a free minute to be offering
There ain't no altering and everyone in the place ought to sing
This hook
Chorus:
I said bounce for the encore
Overseas and on shore
now i think they feeling on me
I said sing it with your hands up
Now its time to stand up
Now I think they feeling on me
I just wanna rock
I just wanna roll
I just wanna..la la la lose control
I just wanna rock
I just wanna roll
I just wanna..la la la lose control
Open dopeness so we soldiers
And they afraid to approach us
We slappin' them contacts in
Because we need to focus
We spread it like the locus
We cleaner then all the soap is
Watch for the hotness popping up quick 'cuz now they know they toasted
Over bearing, daring, scaring
We making these people weary
No need to run and hide, we sweeter than all the cherries
And all this envy varies
They carry haters here
But I hear no evil, see no evil, speak no evil, dear
And I really wanna make this clear so you can see the light
'Cuz I was born with more drive then a Ducati bike
So when we outtie 5, we leaving out on top
Let the beat roll hard enough that we guarantee the chorus drop
Like this
Chorus"
"2824" "CHORUS:
Stop setting me up, you keep knocking me down
I'm picking myself back off of the ground
Mad at myself 'cuz I keep hanging around
You got this hold on me (hold on me)
Verse 1:
She brought me to life with the love and the care that she had
And showed me the way we were supposed to be
This love wa s fairy tale 'til evertyhing here got hold of me
Started molding me and folding me, I'll never be the shape you need
Stop chasing me and making me be something I'm not made to be
'Cuz I cant be that, I don't got puppet strings
If I was man enough I'd get my ass right up and leave
But I think I'm stuck to you, its a sick disease
And baby girl..you keep infecting me
Verse 2:"
"2825" "We gon' go back and forth with the games we play
I'm looking all around 'cuz I know it's changed
And I know (I know)
It'll never be quite the same
We gon' chase the past like we hope it lasts
Life is flying by now way too fast
And I know (I know)
It'll never be quite the same
Verse 1:
It'll never be quite the same the day
That people around will know my name
And everything else will fall in place
Now, oh my god, I've had a taste
Of what it'd be like to rock a crowd
And making my mom and daddy proud
I remember the day I slowed it down
Articulating words pronounced
I'm bending it backwards here
We blowing up out of the atmosphere
Showing you people the passion's real
And now I think my asthma's cleared
I can breathe now
I can dream
I can be anything in the world I wanna be
'Cuz I, I put in the time here
I grinded hard y'all
We putting these cleats on
It's time to play hard ball
I'll never give up
Even when it's all corrupt
Hands to the sky 'cuz you know that we feelin' love
CHORUS
Verse 2 (P.Sanders):
Things are changing, montage
People comin' and go, but then they pop like a garage
And it's just life changing, if you know what I've been sayin'
Rappin' with the guitars is just a miracle in the makin'
They say, left and right but I guess I'm going up
No matter what they say, the feelings just not enough
Toss the mic, forget the moment and get past the hype
See, music never dies
It has an afterlife
Look at me, look at me, yea, look at me now
Life is passin' by
I need another round
King of the world
King of the dream
King of my hometown
You got one life to live
You better live it now"
"2826" "Chorus:
I let you see a side of me
And now there's a fire in my head
Can't calm it down or put it out
I guess its the way it's supposed to be
Verse 1:
Now I'm a victim of my own incarceration
Treated like a criminal but also like a patient
Can't make it through one evaluation
Without the guidance of a little bad persuasion
Now you opened up a side of me
That no one controls and my mind is free
One side's just filled with hate
And that side's alive and inside of me
So if you're strong enough, let's push it back in me
Suppress all the pain
Otherwise they'll be another casualty
Chorus
Verse 2:
There's a fire pent in me
And I don't even really want the world to see
How it burns so bright when you around
I try to get up but I get knocked down
How is it possible that you could be just another obstacle
Flipping the switch now I'm off the wall
If life is a game I need an audible
Go silent and drift away
Go find your gift today
That gift of love and hate
And push 'til it feels like your head'll break
Don't make the same mistakes
It's too hot when we touch the flames
It's so sad when the lives are claimed
I should be ashamed that I
Chorus
Bridge:
This fire in my head,
This fire in my
This fire in my head
this fire in my
Head.
Chorus"
"2827" "Chorus:
Feeling on my flow now she really wanna go
Tell her that I love her but she knows it ain't so
Her heart starts racing now she's ready to explode
Ima make her mine by the end of the show
Verse 1:
Hook line sinker, got her turn like a blinker
Have her bouncing out her clothes
While I'm jumping out the speaker
Keep it kicking like a sneaker
And she knows I wanna freak her
Baby girl I don't know your name
But I'd really like to meet ya, oh
Let's go on a full speed grind
Keep your two cents
My baby girl's a dime
Fine, mine, and so divine
She got her mouth open while I'm blowing her mind
Got her showing her shine, with her lip gloss on
Melting in my hands while I rip this song
Flip that on, don't get me wrong
Ima hit that shit like all night long
CHORUS
Verse 2:
Jazz it up, shake it out
She got me going crazy when she break it down
That body vibrating when we play it loud
Hat turned back with the A-town down
She's the only one that I see in here
All decked out in the AK gear
I'm like, hey there dear, put your name on here
If the fame ain't clear then the game gon' steer
Pedal to the metal now she's hot as flames
All we really want is some whips and chains
Yo, call her highness, baby's still the finest
Chick that I see even through the blindness
With my guidance she could be timeless
So rewind this, study what I'm finding
She gon' want a label that is prolly gonna bind us
All I gotta say is don't try this, flyness
CHORUS
Bridge/Verse 3:
I watched a butterfly go shutter by
Now she's digging in on this gutter guy
And I wonder why she's hooked on me
Must be the way that I move the beat
Or move my feet, so smoothily
Heart starts pounding, sounding good to me
Groove and sing, just feel the vibe
I'm locked on my red lipped cyanide
Guys have tried, but she shot 'em down
She only looking for that man with the golden crown
She can scan around but she knows I'm down
She can see it in my eyes and the way I sound
You feeling it, I'm feeling it
You killing it, I'm killing it
Lets be real girl
I got you
CHORUS x2
Feelin' on my flow
I got her
Never let her go
I got her"
"2828" "[chorus]
If you want some, come and get some
we gon make it hit like a kick drum
we just, shaking it up, shake shake in up
If you want some, come and get some
we gon make it hit like a kick drum
we just, shaking it up, shake shake in up
Now you can tell'm that im harder then some concrete and all i needs a bomb beat
so u can come and ride this crazy train like im ozzy
they said we going platinum, you know its gonna happen
and all you nay sayers thought id never make it rapping
i'll give the business and take u off the hit list
I'll be king james boy and yawl can be the witness
oh u liking kobe saying u don't know me
never did it once i did it trice like im obe
older then shanobi, i cut'em like a flobee
got more energy then they pack in sobe
never met that red bull but i know met a dead fool
and im check a muthafucker like directly off my schedule
[chorus]
If you want some, come and get some
we gon make it hit like a kick drum
we just, shaking it up, shake shake in up
If you want some, come and get some
we gon make it hit like a kick drum
we just, shaking it up, shake shake in up
I'm overwhelmed with intelligence but I'm not that smart
I'm like moses just without the red sea part
I'm full time on the mic and they pay me to shred it
u a part time fix like a radio edit
we said it and back it up like a heavy weight punch
we that four course meal and u didnt make it to lunch
we crunching it so sweet like we making some noise
bringing the fortune and luck like the japanese koi's
and avoid all haters like they struck with the plague
downing bottle after bottle drinking hatorade
we aint yet paid but we classy still
and only murder mics when we asked to kill...ohhhhh"
"2829" "[CHORUS]
Im riding down 285 and i know
girl is at the house waiting at the front door
now i know she got a man but her man cant know
keep it on the low, keep it on the low
Im riding down 285 with my rims still spinning,
ha just kidding ha just kidding
low key u know me, i keep my business shut
but on the real, shes 5ft with the biggest butt
gota mission and my mission is the sexiest dane
i call her booby but to you see u don't need her name
shes always dressed to impress but man cant see
that when shes scanning cross the room, yo shes scanning for me
eyes lock, she approaches like its casual talk
cant show emotion cuz we might get caught
bends over just to whisper,\"let the fun begin\"
i whisper back, yeah baby ima see u at ten
[CHORUS]
Im riding down 285 and i know
girl is at the house waiting at the front door
now i know she got a man but her man cant know
keep it on the low, keep it on the low
Im riding down 285 and i know
girl is at the house waiting at the front door
now i know she got a man but her man cant know
keep it on the low, keep it on the low
Im riding down 285 with my windows peeled
22's,wood grained with the phantom grill
sidekick flipped up, new messages in
her man just left, and i can swing thru round 10
im in, 2 stops before i make my creep
nickel bag, hennessy and apple juice for me
box of rubs and some grub for the after snack
bottle of lotions so i can still massage her back
treat her great do the things that her man wont do
he can buy her shoes and some purses too
all she wants is attention an to feel shes loved
so every week i roll through and i show her whats up
[CHORUS]
Im riding down 285 and i know
girl is at the house waiting at the front door
now i know she got a man but her man cant know
keep it on the low, keep it on the low
Im riding down 285 and i know
girl is at the house waiting at the front door
now i know she got a man but her man cant know
keep it on the low, keep it on the low
ok im pulling up, when i get outta the seat
i see her staring in my eyes like shes ready eat
or ready to cheat and hit the sheets, but it dont matter to me
im only there for that one thing and thats the passionate creep
now oh me, and oh my, give me a piece of that pie
only worryin bout when, not concerned with why
we hit the door, she embraces me and touches my face
starts darting towards the room, now im joinin the chase
lay her down real soft and as im kissing her ear
i hear a noise in the room, but it wasnt that clear
knob turns, it swings open and to my surprise
her man's standing over me with a gleam in his eye
[CHORUS]
Im riding down 285 and i know
girl is at the house waiting at the front door
now i know she got a man but her man cant know
keep it on the low, keep it on the low
Im riding down 285 and i know
girl is at the house waiting at the front door
now i know she got a man but her man cant know
keep it on the low, keep it on the low"
"2830" "Fare you well, my own true love
Farewell for a while
I am going away but I'll be back
If I go ten thousand miles
Ten thousand miles, my own true love
Ten thousand miles or more
And the rocks may melt and the seas may burn
If I no more return
Oh don't you see yon lonesome dove
Sitting on yon ivy tree
She is weeping for her own true love
As I shall weep for mine
Oh come back, my own true love
And stay a while with me
If I had a friend all on this earth
You have been a friend to me"
"2831" "The trees, they grow high, and the leaves, they do grow green
Many is the time my true love I've seen
Many an hour I watched him all alone
He's young but he's daily growing
Father, dear father, you've done me great wrong
You have married me to a boy who is too young
I am twice twelve and he is but fourteen
He's young but he's daily growing
Daughter, dear daughter, I've done you no wrong
I have married you to a great lord's son
And he will be a man for you when I am dead and gone
He's young but he's daily growing
Father, dear father, if you see fit
We'll send him to college for another year yet
I'll tie a blue ribbon all around his head
To let the maidens know that he is married
One day I was looking over my father's castle wall
I spied all the boys playing with a ball
And my own true love, he was the flower of them all
He's young but he's daily growing
And so early in the morning at the dawning of the day
They went into a hayfield for to have some sport and play
And what they did there she never would declare
But she never more complained of his growing
At the age of fourteen he was a married man
At the age of fifteen, the father of my son
At the age of sixteen, his grave, it was green
And death had put an end to his growing
I'll buy my love some flannel, I'll make my love a shroud
And every stitch I put in it, the tears, they'll pour down
Amd every stitch I put in it, how the tears, they will flow
Cruel fate has put an end to his growing"
"2832" "Uncle Rat went out to ride
Kitty alone, Kitty alone
Uncle Rat went out to ride
Kitty alone and I
Uncle Rat went out to ride
Sword and buckle by his side
Ma cax macari duck and a dil
Kitty alone and I
Lady Mouse, will marry me?
Kitty alone, Kitty alone
Lady Mouse, will marry me?
Kitty alone and I
Lady Mouse, will marry me?
Ask my Uncle Rat, says she
Ma cax macari duck and a dil
Kitty alone and I
Uncle Rat, will you marry Lady Mouse?
Kitty alone, Kitty alone
Uncle Rat, will you marry Lady Mouse?
Kitty alone and I
Uncle Rat, will you marry Lady Mouse?
Yes, kind sir, and half my house
Ma cax macari duck and a dil
Kitty alone and I
Lady Mouse, where will the wedding be?
Kitty alone, Kitty alone
Lady Mouse, where will the wedding be?
Kitty alone and I
Lady Mouse, where will the wedding be?
Ask my Uncle Rat, says she
Ma cax macari duck and a dil
Kitty alone and I"
"2833" "With a hammer and nails and a fear of failure we
are building a shed
Between here and heaven between the wait and the
wedding for as long as we both shall be dead
to the world beyond the boys and the girls trying
to keep us calm
We can practice our lines 'til we're deaf and blind
to ourselves to each other where it's
Fall not winter spring not summer cool not cold
And it's warm not hot have we all forgotten that
we're getting old
With an arrow and bow and some seeds left to sow
we are staking our claim
On ground so fertile we forget who we've hurt along
the way and reach out for a strange hand
to hold someone strong but not bold enough to
tear down the wall
'Cause we ain't lost enough to find the stars ain't
crossed why align them why fall hard
not soft into
Fall not winter spring not summer cool not cold
Where it's warm not hot have we all forgotten that
we're getting old"
"2834" "You can point and laugh
I'm sure he's used to that
Using faith like an acrobat 'til the net breaks
He won't get upset
That though we've never met
I know, everything he's said 'cause a friend once told me
He's got hell fire in his eyes
There is madness behind the lies
He would burn us all alive just to prove his point
God save the believer
We mistake for a deceiver
'Cause it makes us feel better
The time has come and gone
To say what's right and wrong
People like him don't belong 'cause we're all okay
You'd better write him off
Without a second thought
'Cause thinking just leads to getting caught in the traps he sets, like
Who is that on his knees?
It's that daring young man from the flying trapeze
Crying \"father, father, help me please\" well good luck, pal
'Cause you're gonna need it
God save the believer
We mistake for a deceiver
'Cause it makes us feel better
He's got hell fire in his eyes
There is madness behind the lies
He would burn us all alive just to prove his point
God save the believer
We mistake for a deceiver
'Cause it makes us feel better"
"2835" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2836" "I'm yours if you want me
And I'm sorry if you do
'Cause I don't have that much to offer
A girl who knows as much as you
I'm scared of your body
and I'm scared of your sould
But I'd rather be letdown
Than let being with you go
I'm yours if you want me
you can see I'm not mine anymore
it didn't take much to drive me crazy
I guess I wasn't that sane before
I don't care about my future
and I don't care about your past
Those things come from and lead to right now
and they can get the hell out fast"
"2837" "I envy the quiet lives that for all I know don't exist
Outside of a lazy book that won a Pulitzer prize
I picked up 'cause you said, it opened up your eyes
I'm wired now and will be 'til I find a person who could eat at the empire grill
Who's seen a black Mercedes at the textile mill
And spreads the word to all the folks expression hasn't killed
I'll follow that car down to Boston ask what it wanted in Maine
Coffee at least for my trouble
I'll be a hero if I came back with something to say
Too late, they wouldn't like me there
And though they might not mind my inquisitive stare
Every single one of them is too polite to care
Why I'm enchanted by a way of life in disrepair
I'm not talking apple pie eating, jack and coke drinking
Hopeful, lie telling, anywhere America, camera eyes
On a Hollywood body that could make you all cry
Maybe I'll go to the movies, a comedy would be ideal
Something that probably won't happen
'Cause this made up town is much too real
I envy the quiet lives that for all I know don't exist
Outside of a lazy book that won a Pulitzer prize
I picked up 'cause you said, it opened up your eyes"
"2838" "Oh, the heart beats in its cage
Well I don't feel better when I'm fucking around
And I don't write better when I'm stuck in the ground
So don't teach me a lesson 'cause I've already learned
Yes, the sun will be shining and my children will burn
Oh, the heart beats in its cage
I don't want what you want and I don't feel what you feel
You see I'm stuck in the city but I belong in a field
Oh, we gotta laugh, laugh, laugh, laugh, laugh, laugh, laugh
Now it's three in the morning and you're eating along
Oh, the heart beats in its cage
All your friends are laughing at us
All the ones you loved you mistrust
Help me now I'm not quite myself
Look around there's no one else left
Well I went to the concert and I fought through the crowd
Guess I got too excited when I thought you were around
O,h I gotta laugh, laugh, laugh, laugh, laugh, laugh
And I'm sorry you were thinking that I would steal your fire
Oh, the heart beats in its cage
Oh, the heart beats in its cage"
"2839" "It's not yet 6, the sun's not up and Father take away this cup is running through my throbbing head because if he had then I'd be dead
Feeling like I'm feeling now, inbetween the skies and clouds where everyone's identity is just a picture card they need
I came from California with an appetite for my own myths of music, love, and what they mean, I'm told it's borderline obscene
I tried to write this song before but had no one to write it for. My fellow travellers' vacant stares leave it up to you to care
I could write a song and have the Lord put you and me in a cup he tries to pour out
looking in at the passengers from the wing ... I'm nowhere and you're everything
You came from Illinois with a cup of your very own to sip Neveron route for very long, just there and doing something wrong
or so your friends and parents said, but if you hadn't you'd be dead what you've been given doesn't scare me,
all your sights and sounds prepare me
I could write a song and have the Lord put you and me in a cup he tries to pour out
looking in at the passengers from the wing ... I'm nowhere and you're everything
Damn this cup bring me a bowl,
If I can't saturate my soul
with you and him who drank it first
and last I'm ready for the worst
It's way past two and you want me there,
Well he needs me here
so you have to share
I'm crying 'cause I'm in love with you
You're crying 'cause you have no clue
I could write a song and have the Lord put you and me in a cup he tries to pour out
looking in at the passengers from the wing ... I'm nowhere and you're everything"
"2840" "Just for a moment, the moment I met her
I lost my breath but my lips whispered, she is the one
Forgot who I was and who I was fooling
Didnt remember she could be my first cue to run
We moved so fast
Never thought twice
Mind came at last
Put us on ice
We stayed in touch but the touch I was wanting from her
Came from girls that scared me too little to love
So all of the thoughts I thought I might tell her
Turned into songs that until now shes never heard of
I had been taught
Love is a vice
Took all these thoughts
And I put them on ice
The vice bends and ice tends to melt
One night she asked me how I felt
The next day I woke up lying to myself
I feel fine, I feel fine, I feel fine
Thank God, youre here, I need you to hear this
So sick of my shit, I promise, Im through tempting fate
I know Im in love now, you are what love is to me
Please tell me this isnt too little too late
Oh, lets move fast
Making up would be nice
Im so sorry, I put these things on ice
I would like to help you dance right"
"2841" "If the sea was whiskey and I was a diving duck
If the sea was whiskey and I was a diving duck
I'd swim to the bottom and I don't know if I'd come up
I'm just here wondering will a matchbox hold my clohtes
I'm just here wondering will a matchbox hold my clohtes
If things don't get no better then down the road I go
Whiskey and beers they don't make me drunk
Whiskey and beers they don't make me druink
These blues are gonna make me pack my trunk"
"2842" "You are the devil
Stay away from me
Stay away from me
Stay away
I am in trouble
But youre not what I need
Youre not what I need
Even if Im all alone
Calling out for help
Keep yours to yourself
Cause Im trying to hold on
To her as long as she can stand it too
Been prying off my fingers one by one
Prying off my fingers one by one
Ive been praying against you
But the damage has been done
The damage has been done
And it would take a miracle
For her to break my fall
Cause she dont care at all anymore
And I dont know why I still do
Why Im telling you
Cause you are the devil
And you can stay away from me
Stay away form me
Stay away
To hell with my freedom
If it dont come for free
And I know it dont come for free"
"2843" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2844" "You won't wake up
You're not dreaming, this is all real
We've been playing
Like we've made sense of such a raw deal
Why'd you listen?
What do we know?
It only looks like
We have something you don't
I lost my faith in our sweet illusion
Where every wound heals
So if you're still there
Let me tell you, this is all real
We felt like angels on the rooftops
Looking down at you
Singing ideas that we'd just read
Drunk on new truth
It seduced me
Soft and silver tongued
With a way out
After all the fun
Shut my eyes flew and hit a brick wall
That wasn't in the deal
If you're still there
Let me tell you, this is all real"
"2845" "This artist does not want the lyrics to this song
be posted on the internet. We respect this decision
and have removed the lyrics from our archive.
Please refer to the Google searchengine to find"
"2846" "Dead Leaves and the dirty ground when I know
You're not around shiny tops and soda pops when I
hear your lips make a sound when I hear your lips make a sound
thirty notes in the mailbox will tell you that I'm coming home and I think I'd better sick around for a while so you're not
alone for a while so you're not alone
soft hair and a velvet tongue I wanna give you what you give to me and every breath that is in your lungs is a tiny little
gift to me
if you can hear a piano fall you can hear me coming down the hall if i could just hear your pretty voice I dont think I'd
have to see at all I dont think I'd have to see at all
I didnt feel so bad til the sun went down
I got back home no one to wrap my arms around
to wrap my arms around
to wrap my arms around
any man with a microphone can tell you what he wants the most and you'll know why you love at all if you're thinking of the
holy ghost if you're thinking of the holy ghost"
"2847" "Locking doors, spotless pores
Finding comfort in a total bore
The number four, genealogical lore
Nothing feels good unless I've felt it before
The neighbor's gay, he shouldn't be that way
I'm gonna treat him like a person but not today
When I'm old and grey, and he's dying of AIDS
I'm gonna stop by his bed to remind him to pray
Melvin is locking doors
He makes everything a chore
And he don't really care no more
Melvin is locking doors
Nervous when my little woman friend
Makes me kinda wanna be a man again
Don't wanna bend, better to offend
But I'll get pissed when she looks at other men
Melvin is locking doors
And he makes everything a chore
And he don't really care
Locking doors, salting sores
When one wimp winces we'll win this war
Show me some gore, man, I'm so hardcore
But it doesn't feel good unless I've felt it
Nothing feels good unless I've felt it before
Melvin is locking doors"
"2848" "What do you see that's so beautiful
That it always reflects in your eyes?
The world casts no shadow
Across your sweet face
You're an angel and I'm gonna cry
When I used to see you, I'd smile
The pretty girl up on the sign
Then I'd thank God for mine
Now she's leaving and I need an angel
To keep me from crying
You're an angel
And I'm gonna cry
'Cause I can't have you
And I'm not gonna try
I'm wasting this dream with my troubles
Let me rest in your arms for a while
Say you love me 'cause when I wake up dear
You'll just be an angel and I'm gonna cry"
"2849" "I don't want to introduce you to my friends
'Cause I think they'll get the wrong idea
You're so fetching in that dress
They'll think that we have messed around
And though I'll tell them otherwise
I was gone all night with you
What most people do
Will be running through their heads
They don't need to see
That I met a pretty girl last night
I'm nineteen
And I've kissed two girls, that's all
You're sixteen
And your one is that against the law?
I never thought that it would come to this
My reputation will be missed by all the dads
That introduce me to their girls
Saying I have got a great idea
You're so different from most guys
Now that's just a wishful lie
Because I am not different anymore
A revolving door you came through
And though you're first even if your last
Won't change that I'm not me
'Cause I met a pretty girl last night
I guess, I have to introduce you to my friends
But I know they'll get the wrong idea"
"2850" "Portland main is just the same as sunny Tennessee
Portland main is just the same as sunny Tennessee
Any old place I hang my hat is, home sweet home to me
Went down to the depot and I looked up on the board
I went down to the depot and I looked up on the board
It read it's good times here, but better on down the road
Eat my breakfast here, get my dinner in New Orleans
Eat my breakfast here, get my dinner in New Orleans
I'm going to get me a momma, Lord, I ain't never seen
Where was you momma, when the train left the shed?
Where was you momma, when the train left the shed?
Standin' in my front door, wishin' to God, I was dead"
"2851" "Standing on the corner
With a nickel or a dime
There use to be a rail car
To take you down the line
Too much beer and whiskey
To ever be employed
And when I got to Nashville
It was too much soldiers joy
Wasted on the wayside
Wasted on the way
If I don't go tomorrow
You know I'm gone today
Back, baby, back in time
I wanna go back when you were mine
Back, baby, back in time
I wanna go back when you were mine
Black highway all night ride
Watching the times fall away to the side
Clear channel way down low
Is comin' in loud and my mind let go
Peaches in the summertime
Apples in the fall
If I can't have you all the time
I won't have none at all
Oh, I wish I was in Frisco
In a brand new pair of shoes
'Cause I'm sittin' here in Nashville
With Norman's Nashville blues
So come all you good time rounders
Listenin' to my sound
And drink a round to Nashville
Before they tear it down
Back, baby, back in time
I wanna go back when you were mine
Back, baby, back in time
I wanna go back when you were mine
Hard weather, drivin' slow
Buggies and the hats in town for the show
Oh darlin', the songs they played
All I got left is the love we made
Back, baby, back in time
I wanna go back when you were mine
Back, baby, back in time
I wanna go back when you were mine"
"2852" "I forget the difference between being in love
And being familiar with something I hope I'm above
Hear a lie enough and it cuts like the gospel
'Cuz when you're half-awake, no mistake is impossible
I'm a child again, lost and happy in make believe
I'm lazy now, so someone's pretending for me
An untouchable man who holds his hand out to millions
Anyone can share his beautiful heroes and ugly villains
I spend a lot of time watching my TV
I take what they give me and I give them nothing
But I waste a lot of time watching my TV
Got me right where they want me, ready for anything
I forget the difference between being loved
And being a loose pocket, worn-wallet, short-sighted
Friend to lift money off of
Maybe I'm playing their game
so I can have a show where I stick 'em like a pig one day
Tell 'em they can go to hell 'cause they don't know another way
Or maybe I'm here 'cause it's something to do
You know still waters can run shallow too
I could watch myself run dry
So I spend a lot of time watching my TV
I take what they give me and I give them nothing
But I waste a lot of time watching my TV
Got me right where they want me, ready for anything
I forget the difference between being alive
And living through somebody else who's acting out somebody else's life"
"2853" "INSTRUMENTAL"
"2854" ""
"2855" "I caught a string full of fish down by the damn
I'll drag them back to the field they should be dead by then
Wipe the sweat off my neck and tally ho the plow
I'm gonna grow a woman from the ground
The night was a chalkboard with a fingernail moon
If the fish ain't dead yet they will be pretty soon
Kinda like the feeling at an old folks home
Even though you love them you can't wait for them to go
I'll call her Angelina she's a teacher I once had
A halo of honey wrapped around her head
And she always used to give me some when I was a kid
I told her that I loved her and then I went and hid
I'll take you into town and I'll show you off
And there's room on your dress for a corsage
And I'll open up every door for you
I opened up my almanac and in my head I read
Cut your wrist on the fins of the fish and drain all you can
So I rolled up my sleeves and then began to draw lines just as deep as the days are long
I sewed up my wrist and sewed the ground with my blood
Staind up my clothes pretty good and I turned that dirt to mud
I couldn't help but close my eyes and lay my body down
'Cause I heard it takes forever to grow a woman from the ground
I bleed for you now and I'm skinny as a rail
And I'll be so obliged to keep you nice and warm and safe
And won't you be so proud of me"
"2856" "(Child)
Daddy would you sing me a lullaby?
Take my hand and Ill walk you through the fire.
Fear no evil I will cover you my child.
And when the waves come crashing all around,
I will be the one to lift you off the ground.
And when you hear this lullaby,
Know I think of you every time.
Because youre my night light,
My night light,
Youre the night light in my dark.
Take my hand and Ill walk you down the aisle
Let her look to be the grace behind your smile
Find a love that mirrors who we are
Keep the wonder in your eyes and shine like stars
And when you feel the tears well up inside,
Just call my name and Ill let you cry.
Because you are my night light,
My night light,
Youre my night light in my dark.
And when you feel the tears well up inside,
Just call my name.
Call my name.
Youre my night light,
My night light.
Youre the night light in my dark
(Children)
Youre my night light,
My night light.
Youre the night light in my dark.
Youre the night light in my dark.
Cause youre my night light."
"2857" ""
"2858" ""
"2859" ""
"2860" ""
"2861" ""
"2862" ""
"2863" ""
"2864" ""
"2865" "Have you ever been hurt by someone
Not just me I could never ever hurt you more
Have you ever been worn by someone
Not just me I could never ever wear you more
Oh Oh Oh Oh
I've been doing you favors
Giving you my utmost good
But its just not good enough
I keep trying to please you
Giving you my utmost good
But its just not good enough
Oh x12
(Just not good enough)
Have you ever been torn by someone
Not just me I could never ever cut you more
Have you ever been lost to someone
Not just me i could never ever go this far
I've been doing you favors
Giving you my utmost good
But its just not good enough
I keep trying to please you
Giving you my utmost good
But its just not good enough
Cant you see we're only dancin', only dancin'
(But its just not good enough)
I've been doing you favors
Giving you my utmost good
But its just not good enough
I keep trying to please you
Giving you my utmost good
But its just not good enough
oh oh oh oh
Just not good enough"
"2866" "Saw you there and then you're gone
Called you up to find out
Held you too long
Called you up to get out
(Do you get that) (4x)
Too many minds that don't belong
Called you up to speak out
Just hold on to this song
Called you up to get out
Called you up to get out
Just go
Just go
Just go"
"2867" ""
"2868" "Met a young lady at the bottom of a bottle
said her name was Isobel and I told her my home
said where you been darling, she said living out a suitcase
walking barefoot on the long way home (she goes)
Hair full of daisies, eyes filled wonder
said her life were living is is just a game
sat by the campfire she told me a story
we laughed and cried, till the morning came
All is well, all is fine
all is well with Isobel
drinking her wine
[Instrumental Break]
Well her daddy left her when she was five
and her momma didn't wanna stick around and be alive
Isobel ran, Isobel escaped
into the lords arms she was saved
Every night before bed, Isobel would pray
ask to be a bird and fly away
she didn't grow wings but her spirit grew strong
and she picked up her things and started walking along
All is well, all is fine
all is well with Isobel
drinking her wine
Me and Isobel walking the sunset, barefoot on the long way home
me and Isobel walking the sunset, on the long and winding road"
"2869" "Fais comme l'oiseau
a vit d'air pur et d'eau frache, un oiseau
D'un peu de chasse et de pche, un oiseau
Mais jamais rien ne l'empche, l'oiseau, d'aller plus haut
Mais je suis seul dans l'univers
J'ai peur du ciel et de l'hiver
J'ai peur des fous et de la guerre
J'ai peur du temps qui passe, dis
Comment peut on vivre aujourd'hui
Dans la fureur et dans le bruit
Je ne sais pas, je ne sais plus, je suis perdu
Fais comme l'oiseau
a vit d'air pur et d'eau frache, un oiseau
D'un peu de chasse et de pche, un oiseau
Mais jamais rien ne l'empche, l'oiseau, d'aller plus haut
Mais l'amour dont on m'a parl
Cet amour que l'on m'a chant
Ce sauveur de l'humanit
Je n'en vois pas la trace, dis
Comment peut on vivre sans lui?
Sous quelle toile, dans quel pays?
Je n'y crois pas, je n'y crois plus, je suis perdu
Fais comme l'oiseau
a vit d'air pur et d'eau frache, un oiseau
D'un peu de chasse et de pche, un oiseau
Mais jamais rien ne l'empche, l'oiseau, d'aller plus haut
Mais j'en ai marre d'tre roul
Par des marchands de libert
Et d'couter se lamenter
Ma gueule dans la glace, dis
Est-ce que je dois montrer les dents?
Est-ce que je dois baisser les bras?
Je ne sais plus, je ne sais pas, je suis perdu
Fais comme l'oiseau
a vit d'air pur et d'eau frache, un oiseau
D'un peu de chasse et de pche, un oiseau
Mais jamais rien ne l'empche, l'oiseau, d'aller plus haut, oh"
"2870" "Paroles : Maurice Vidalin
Musique : Muchel Fugain et Georges Blaness
1976 by ditions Musicales le Minotaure
1
Le printemps est arriv, sors de ta maison
Le printemps est arriv, la belle saison !
L'amour et le joie sont revenus chez toi.
Vive la vie
et vive le vent, vive les filles en tablier blanc !
Vive la vie et vive le vent et vive le printemps !
Dpche-toi, dpche-toi, ne perds pas de temps,
Taille ton arbre et sme ton champ, gagne ton pain blanc.
L'hirondelle et la fauvette, c'est la for
t qui me l'a dit
L'hirondelle et la fauvette, ont dj fait leur nid.
R
Y'a le printemps qui te rveille, t'as le bonjour du printemps. (bis)
Y'a le printemps qui t'ensoleille, oh, le coquin de printemps. (bis)
2
Le printemps nous a donn le joli lila
s.
Le printemps nous a donn du rire en clats.
Et plein de bonheur pour nous chauffer le coeur.
Vive la vie et vive le vent, vive les fill's en tablier blanc !
Vive la vie et vive le vent, et vive le printemps.
Dpche-toi, dpche-toi, ne perds pas
de temps,
Donne ta sve et donne ton sang pour faire un enfant.
L'hirondelle et la fauvette, c'est la fort qui me l'a dit
L'hirondelle et la fauvette, ont dj des petits.
R
Y'a le printemps qui te rveille, t'as le bonjour du printemps !
Y'a le prin
temps qui te rveille, t'as le bonjour du printemps !
Y'a le printemps qui t'ensoleille, oh, le coquin de printemps !
Y'a le printemps qui t'ensoleille, oh, le coquin de printemps !
Y'a le printemps qui te rveille, t'as le bonjour du printemps !"
"2871" "Tout va changer ce soir,
On prend un nouveau d?rt
La neige a blanchi le monde,
Les enfants sont pleins d'espoir.
Tout va changer demain,
Tu n'as qu'ouvre
Ir les mains,
Pour que de laut te tombe
En rafale une pluie de cadeaux,
Sur un torrent d'iles,
Demain il fera beau.
Tout va changer ce soir,
Selon notre bon vouloir,
Les rues seront des th?res,
On jouera sur les trottoirs.
Tout va change
are demain,
D'hier il ne reste rien,
Demain see'est le grand spectacle,
Qu'on allume des millions de chandelles.
Qu'on change de costume.
Ce soir la vie est belle.
?
Tout a change,
Pendant qu'on chantait tout ?
Demain
est venu en douce,
Et la course ne s'arrera pas,
Pas plus que la Grande ourse,
Pas plus que toi et moi."
"2872" "Bravo, Monsieur le monde
Chapeau, Monsieur le monde
Mme quand les gens diront
Que vous ne tournez pas toujours trs rond
Bravo, pour vos montagnes
C'est beau, c'est formidable
Compliment pour vos saisons
Qui nous donnent des ides de chansons
Bravo, la mer
On n'a jamais trouv un vert plus bleu
Un bleu plus vert
Aucune symphonie
N'est riche d'autant d'harmonie
Qu'un merveilleux tonnerre
Qui fait l'amour avec la pluie
Bravo, le vent
Qui fait ramper les bls
Qui fait trembler les ocans
Bravo pour le soleil
Et la colre du volcan
Bravo pour l'arc-en-ciel
Qui met de la joie dans le c ur d'un enfant
Bravo, Monsieur le monde
Chapeau, Monsieur le monde
Nous vous demandons pardon
Pour tous ceux qui vous abmerons
Bravo, Monsieur le monde
Bravo, pour la colombe
Si vous lui laissez la vie
Nous vous dirons simplement merci"
"2873" "Paroles : Pierre Delano et Michel Fugain
Musique : Michel Fugain et Georges Blaness
1970 by ditions Musicales le Minotaure
R
Comme un soleil, comme une claircie
Comme une fleur que l'on cueille entre les orties
Elle doit venir, comme vient le beau
temps
Elle doit venir comme vient le printemps
1
Demandez-moi tout ce que vous voulez
Et sans regret, je vous le donne
Mais dites-moi o je la trouverai
Celle qui comprendra, celle qui me dira
\"O que tu ailles je vais avec toi
Quel que soit le chem
in, je te suis pas pas\"
Et s'il m'arrivait alors de tomber
C'est elle qui me relverait
2
Demandez-moi tout ce que vous voulez
De ne plus jamais voir personne
De renoncer aux parfums de l't
Aux accords de guitare, aux fumes de la gloire
Demande
z-moi de ne plus croire en rien
Pourvu que je la voie au bout de mon chemin
Demandez-moi tout ce que vous voulez
Mais dites-moi o la trouver."
"2874" "Y a dans le sud de la Louisiane
Et dans un coin du Canada
Des tas de gars, des tas de femmes
Qui chantent dans la mme langue que toi
Mais quand ils font de la musique
C'est celle de Rufus Thibodeaux
Ils rvent encore de l'Amrique
Qu'avait rve leur grand-papa
Qui pensait peu, qui pensait pas
Tous les Acadiens, toutes les Acadiennes
Vont chanter, vont danser sur le violon
Sont Amricains, elles sont Amricaines
La faute  qui donc, la faute  Napolon
Le coton c'est doux, c'est blanc, c'est chouette
Pour s'mettre de la crme sur les joues
Mais ceux qui en font la cueillette
Finissent la journe sur les genoux
Et puis s'en vont faire d'la musique
Comme celle de Rufus Thibodeaux
Pour oublier que l'Amrique
C'est plus celle de leur grand-papa
C'est bien chang depuis c'temps-l
Tous les Acadiens, toutes les Acadiennes
Vont chanter, vont danser sur le violon
Sont Amricains, elles sont Amricaines
La faute  qui donc, la faute  Napolon
Quand ils ont boss six jours de suite
Pour une poigne d'dollars dvalus
Ils montent dans la vieille Oldsmobile
Et foncent dans la ville d' ct
Pour couter de la musique
Celle du grand Rufus Thibodeaux
Et pour repeupler l'Amrique
A la manire de grand-papa
Y a plus qu'a qui ne change pas
Tous les Acadiens, toutes les Acadiennes
Vont chanter, vont danser sur le violon
Sont Amricains, elles sont Amricaines
La faute  qui donc, la faute  Napolon"
"2875" "C'est un beau roman, c'est une belle histoire
C'est une romance d'aujourd'hui
Il rentrait chez lui, l-haut vers le brouillard
Elle descendait dans le midi, le midi
Ils se sont trouvs au bord du chemin
Sur l'autoroute des vacances
C'tait sans doute un jour de chance
Ils avaient le ciel  porte de main
Un cadeau de la providence
Alors pourquoi penser au lendemain
Ils se sont cachs dans un grand champ de bl
Se laissant porter par les courants
Se sont raconts leurs vies qui commenaient
Ils n'taient encore que des enfants, des enfants
Qui s'taient trouvs au bord du chemin
Sur l'autoroute des vacances
C'tait sans doute un jour de chance
Qui cueillirent le ciel au creux de leurs mains
Comme on cueille la providence
Refusant de penser au lendemain
C'est un beau roman, c'est une belle histoire
C'est une romance d'aujourd'hui
Il rentrait chez lui, l-haut vers le brouillard
Elle descendait dans le midi, le midi
Ils se sont quitts au bord du matin
Sur l'autoroute des vacances
C'tait fini le jour de chance
Ils reprirent alors chacun leur chemin
Salurent la providence en se faisant un signe de la main
Il rentra chez lui, l-haut vers le brouillard
Elle est descendue l-bas dans le midi
C'est un beau roman, c'est une belle histoire
C'est une romance d'aujourd'hui"
"2876" "Todos quieren que me olvide de ella
Que es de lo peor y no me quiere bien
Dicen que me envuelve el cerebro
Con al fin de enredarse en mi cuerpo
Debo confesar que cuando ella me besa
El mundo da vueltas dentro de mi cabeza
Cierro los ojos y siento su aliento
Mi sangre quema cualquier pensamiento
y le creo, le creo, le creo
Le creo cuando dice te quiero
Le creo que es la mujer mas buena
Le creo que la luna es de queso
y si el me diera otro beso
Que mas da si me miente
Yo le creo
Con los ojos cerrados ir tras de ella
Con los ojos cerrados siempre le amare
Con los ojos cerrados yo confi en ella
Con los ojos cerrados le voy a creer
(SE REPITE)
Le voy a creer!
Y nunca te dejare chiquitita!
No me importa lo que digan!!
Y chele y chele mis aliados de la sierra
Ellos dicen que yo no puedo ver
Que el amor me ciega cuando estoy con ella
No me fijo que el no tiene dinero
Dicen que ella es mala y que yo soy su juego
Debo confesar que cuando ella me besa
El mundo da vueltas dentro de mi cabeza
Cierro los ojos y siento su aliento
Mi sangre quema cualquier pensamiento
y le creo, le creo, le creo
Le creo cuando dice te quiero
Le creo que es la mujer mas buena
Le creo que la luna es de queso
y si el me diera otro beso
Que mas da si me miente
Yo le creo
Con los ojos cerrados ir tras de ella
Con los ojos cerrados siempre le amare
Con los ojos cerrados yo confi en ella
Con los ojos cerrados le voy quiero creer
(SE REPITE)
Le voy a creer!"
"2877" "Las plebes ya andan de shopping,
andan muy alebrestadas,
unas ya train ropa nueva y otras u~nas diamantadas , tal ves para impresionar toda la raza pesada,
Les gusta usar de lo bueno
con una ropa Chanel, Victoria Secret les gusta,
por si llegan al hotel,
La tangita y los sonstenes por que siempre andan al 100!
Con los mensajes de texto todas se ponen de acuerdo,
unas se llevan el pase, pa andar al ciento por ciento
son plebitas que le gusta andar en el movimiento!
Y ay le va un besote para las mamasitas de nuevo nuevo, a ya en chigago MIJAS.. pa toda la raza de Los Angeles del area de la Baia.. esto es puro Aliado de la Sierra compa.. como gueso pariente... uaaa
Les gusta mucho se fashion asi como tu las ves,
con pura ropa de marka de Levi y tambien de Guess,
gastar nunca les importa cargar el mundo al reves,
En los salones de baile no se aggarran cualquier vato,
solo a los morros pesados, pero que les den buen trato,
y que les paguen la cuenta no les gusta lo barato,
Escuchan puros corridos cuando andan acceleradas,
con la botella en la mano migajas sangranteradas,
por eso es que la respetan puras pollitas jugadas...."
"2878" "Thug mi'n oidhche raoir 's mi bruadar
Mar ri nionagan na buaile
B'fhinealt uasal min na gruagaich
Seinn nan duanag anns an airidh
Thug mi'n oidhche raoir 'san airidh
Thug mi'n oidhche raoir 'san airidh
Chaith mi'n oidhche cridheil caoimhneil
Mar ri maighdeanan na h-airidh."
"2879" "Water lapping round my knees
Golden sand beneath my feet
Would mean a lot to me
There`s very little you can say
To make those feelings go away
Till you take me
There`s nothing more that I prefer
To see the boys and the girls
Step it out with grace and pride
As honesty flows by your side
I cannot run from times hard pressed
To become embittered, dispossessed
Just like some do
And maybe some place I can find
Where wheel and heart become entwined
Like I hope to
And nothing matters more to you
To sit and sing a song that`s true
The first one there and last to leave
Sweet memories for you to keep"
"2880" "With a crime of passion lie those dreams of yesterday
Broken like the snows of January
Silence will fall on those masters of shame
When the family garden wakes to spring again
Under the moon and over land
Make the shadows of the chosen one
With words of mercy in his hand
He walks the path of peace a wounded man
Out of sight and out of mind
The devil`s staircase winding high
Make it secret make it sudden
And the family garden wakes to frosty ground
In Europe's towns tonight
They lie awake again to fear the dawn
An endless story of empty glory"
"2881" "(Verse 1)
She's taking her time making up the reasons
To justify all the hurt inside
Guess she knows from the smiles and the look in their eyes
Everyone's got a theory about the bitter one
They're saying
Mama never loved her much
And daddy never keeps in touch
That's why she shies away from human affection
But somewhere in a private place
She packs her bags for outer space
And now she's waiting for the right kind of pilot
To come (and she'll say to him)
She's saying
(Chorus)
I would fly you to the moon and back
If you'll be if you'll be my baby
Got a ticket for a world where
we belong
So would you be my baby
Ooh-ooh
(Verse 2)
She can't remember a time
When she felt needed
If love was red then she was colour-blind
All her friends they've been tried for treason
And crimes that were never defined
She's saying
Love is like a barren place
And reaching out for human faith is
Is like a journey I just don't have a map for
So baby gonna take a dive and push the shift to overdrive
Send a signal that she's hanging all her hopes on the stars
(What a pleasant dream) just saying
(CHORUS x2)
Mamma never loved her much
And daddy never keeps in touch
That's why she shies away from human affection
But somewhere in a private place
She packs her bags for outer space
And now she's waiting for the right kind of pilot
To come (and she'll say to him)
She's saying
(REPEAT CHORUS TWICE)"
"2882" "Last night I was dreaming
of the girls of the cattle fold
Fine, noble, gentle girls they were
Singing songs on the shieling
I spent last night on the shieling
I spent last night on the shieling
I passed the joyous, happy night
With the girls of the sheiling.
--
Craig Cockburn, pronounced \"coburn\" Email: craig@scot.demon.co.uk
Sgriobh thugam 'sa Gaidhlig ma 'se do thoil e."
"2883" "She stands at the window
Proud Mary, bad news
Demands from the credit
And the sheriff's men too
The wife of a fishermen no longer at sea
She can always find him where whisky flows free
She never called it poverty, the doorstep was clean
Till city hall came calling to show what it means
Chorus
Have you seen it before
The names of good women and men
Decreed by the sword and the pen
To be outlaws all over again.
The names in the churchyard are long overgrown
Still she came kneeling with flowers of her own
They're watching you Mary
In hard times afraid
As counsel finds guilty
For charges unpaid
And even as the last hope is labelled and sold
We're all for one, Mary
Outlawed for gold."
"2884" "I was no more than three days old
too young to speak too young to count my toes
I think of fields where I might run
this moral twilight I`ve been plucked from
Up here we have no goals
You tear your hearts, you claw your souls
I wonder at this life that passed me be
But still I smile
Although I`m not with you down there
I sit alone up here and stare
It`s me my name is Claire
Claire in heaven
I wait for my next life patiently
I`m in no rush because of what I see
It`s hard for me to understand
I gaze from poisoned sea to poisoned land
Up here I see a new tomorrow
Your world`s not round your world is narrow
For me I just had a while
But still I smile
Although I`m not with you down there
I sit around up here and stare
It`s me my name is Claire
Claire in heaven"
"2885" "When day is over and life is done
Mine eyes have closed and my strength has gone,
O westwards take me and quietly lay me
In Aignish graveyard beside the sea.
There please leave me by kith and kin
By parents kindly and all my friends,
By white waves pounding on beaches sounding
By Aignish graveyard beside the sea."
"2886" "An ataireachd bhuan, cluinn fuaim na h-ataireachd ard
Tha torann a chuain mar chualas leamsa 'nam phaisd,
Gun mhuthadh gun truas, a' sluaisreadh gainneamh na tragh's
An ataireachd bhuan, cluinn fuaim na h-ataireachd ard
Ach siubhlaidh mi uat, cha ghluais mi tuilleadh 'nad dhail
Tha m'aois is mo shnuadh toirt luaidh air giorrad mo latha
'San am dhomh bhith suaint' am fuachd 's an cadal a' bhais
Mo leabaidh dean suas ri fuaim na h-ataireachd aird."
"2887" "Here is the song \"Am buchaille ban\" which Capercaillie do a lovely
version of on their Crosswinds album. I was sent these words by John
Angus Macleod of Gaidhlig Aig Deas, who got them from someone at An Comunn
Gaidhealach. John Angus wrote a song (Na laithean a bh'ann) for Karen of
Capercaillie, which she broadcast on Radio nan Gaidheal.
If anyone whould like to translate this, I would really appreciate it.
What is a \"gini\" ?
Craig
1. Och ochan a Righ, gur tinn an galair an gradh;
chan eil neach air am bi nach saoil gur seachdain gach la
Gun d'bhrist e mo chridh 's gun d'sgaoil e cuislean mo shlaint'
Bhith 'g amharc ad dhe/idh, a gheug, a bhroillich ghil bhain, ghil bhain.
2. Nam faiceadh tu geug 's i 'g e/irigh, madainn chiuin cheo
le maise da re/ir ni ceudan mhealladh 'nan doigh -
Gur binne do bheul na teudan fhidheall ri ceol,
'S nach truagh leat mi 'd dhe/idh leam fhe/in air cnocan ri bron, ri bron.
3. 'S ma the/id thu air sraid, a ghraidh, biodh gini 'nad phoc,
Is ol mo dheoch-slaint' gach ait an suidh thu m'an bhord,
An cridhe geal fialaidh, eutrom aighearach og,
'S gur milis leam fhe/in am beul o'n tigeadh an ceol, an ceol.
4. A bhuachaille bhain, ma's aill leat labhairt air thus,
'S ann leat-sa gun dail mo lamh ma thig thu rium dluth;
Is truagh mar a ta nach d'tharaidh mis' agus tu
Ann an eilean gun traigh, gun ramh, gun choite, gun stiuir, gun stiuir."
"2888" "Alasdair, son of exile Cholla
In your hand I would entrust deeds.
Chant...
The lord of Ach-nam-breac would be killed
by you
Chant...
He would be buried at the edge of the loch
Chant...
And although I would get a blow, I heard
yesterday a sad story
Chant...
That Glasgow was going down."
"2889" "Faili, faili, faili o ro;
Faili, faili, faili o ro;
Faili, faili, faili o ro;
It is a very long time since I left Lewis
I feel the winter night is long
long, long, long it is
I can see nothing but a bare prairie there
And I can't hear a wave coming to the shore.
In the evening time when it's getting dar
Often the spirit will be full of longing
Thinking that there is a long, long distance
From where I would like to be ceilidhing."
"2890" "Welcome Mother Nature
Welcome to your home
Welcome to the place you used to own
Decorations fading
The writing on the wall
Illusions of an era free for all
Your eyes will need a shelter
A shelter from the pain
Soaring smoke and burning drops of rain
And all around society
Is living on a prayer
Religion holding fort from despair
The heat wave of a thousand fears
Rainbows from a million tears
Echoes of a symphony playing on your mind
And even when the mornings clear
Its hard to find a reason for
The miracle of you and me
The miracle of being
Reflection on the water
Your face is still as night
Staring like a curse in the frozen light
The prince of hidden treasure
He's kissed the green above
And realised a ripple of your love"
"2891" "Alasdair Mhic oho
Cholla ghasda oho
As do laimh-s' gun oho
Earbhainn tapaidh trom eile
(refrain)
Chall eile bho chall a ho ro
Chall eile bho chall a ho ro
Chall eile huraibh i chall a ho ro
's haoi o ho trom eile.
As do laimh-s' gun oho
Earbhainn tapaidh o ho
Mharbhadh Tighearna o ho
Ach-nam-Breac leat trom eile
Dh'adhlacadh an o ho
Uir an loch e o ho
'S ged 's beag mi fhein o ho
Bhuail mi ploc air trom eile
'S ged 's beag mi fhein o ho
Bhuail mi ploc air o ho
Chuala m'in de o ho
Sgeul nach b'ait learn trom eile
Chuala m'in de o ho
Sgeul nach b'ait learn o ho
Glaschu a bhith a ho
Dol 'na lasair trom eile."
"2892" "An ciaradh m'fheasgair 's mo bheath' air claoidh
Mo rosg air dunadh 's a' bhas gun chli.
Stiuir curs' an lar leam gu Eilean ciatach
Gu Aignish sgiamhach far an d'araich mi.
An sin gun cairich sibh mi 'san fhod
A measg mo chairdean 's mo shinnsrean coir,
Ri tonnan barr-gheal a' bualadh traghad
'S ri machair Aignish nan laoigh 's nam bo."
"2893" "Oh boatman, na ho ro eile
Oh boatman, na ho ro eile
Oh boatman, na ho ro eile
My blessings with you wherever you go
Translation:
Often I look from the highest hill
Hoping to see the boatman
Will you come today, or will you come tomorrow?
And if you do not come at all, desolate will I be.
Rhyming variation:
I climb the mountain and scan the ocean
For thee, my boatman, with fond devotion
When shall I see thee? today? tommorow?
Oh! do not leave me in lonely sorrow
Oh my boatman, na ho ro eila
Oh my boatman, na ho ro eila
Oh my boatman, na ho ro eila
My blessings with you wherever you go"
"2894" "Faili, faili, faili o/ ro;
Faili, faili, faili o/ ro;
Faili, faili, faili o/ ro;
'S cian nan cian bho dh'fhg mi Ledhas.
'S fhada learn an oidche gheamhraidh,
'S fhada 's fhada 's fhada learn i
'S nach fhaic mi ach pre/iridh lom ann,
'S cha chluinn tonn ri thgh'nn gu traigh ann
'N am do'n gheasgar a bhi ciaradh,
'S tric a bjios mo spiorad cianail;
Smaoineachadh g' eil cian nan cian uam,
Far 'm bu mhiann leam dhol a che/ilidh"
"2895" "The everlasting swelling, hear the sound of the high swelling
The roar of the sea is as was heard by me as a child
Without change, without pity, sweeping up the sand of the shore
The everlasting swelling, listen to the sound of the swelling
But I'll depart from you, I'll not move any more to meet you
My age and my appearance give an account of the shortness of my days
At the time I am wrapped in the could slumber of death
Make up my bed by the sound of the sea."
"2896" "Oh, my country you are on my mind
fresh, fragrant Uist of the saplings
Where the noble men are found
Who gave their hereditary allegiance to
'Mac ic Ailein'
Land of bent grass, land of barley
Land of abundance of every kind
Where the young lads will be
Singing songs and drinking beer.
They will come to us deceitful and cunning
In order to entice us from our homes
They will praise Manitoba to us
A cold country with no coal and no peat!"
"2897" "O young Charles Stewart, your cause is the reason of my sorrow
You took from me everything I had, in the war on your behalf
I am not mourning cattle and sheep, but my partner
Since I am left alone with nothing but my shroud!
I am torn apart, and although I say it, it is no lie
My joy turned to sorrow, since you will not return from death
One of your wisdom and understanding was not easy to find
And not one stood at Culloden, of your appearance and bravery."
"2898" "Och! a Thearlaich Og Stiubhart
'se do chuis rinn mo leireadh
Thug thu uam gach ni bh'agam
Ann an cogadh a'd aobhar
Cha chrodh is cha chairdean
Rinn mo chhradh ach mo cheile
O'n la dh'fhag thu m'i'm aonar
Gun sion 'sant-saoghal ach leine
Mo run geal og.
Gur a mis' thair mo sqaradh
'S ged a chanam cha bhreug e
'Sioma te bha na bantraich
Nach d'fhuair samhladh do'm cheile
Fear do cheille's do thuigse
cha robh furasd r'a fhaotuinn
'Scha do sheas air Cullodair
Fear do choltais bu treine
Mo run geal og."
"2899" "What happened to the fisherman's dream
When they rowed their last boat down
What happened to the dream of the fisherman
When they cast their last net round
What happened to the fisherman's love
When it drove him over the hill
What happened to the fisherman's dream
Is the fisherman dreaming still
Tell me did it fade away
Did it fade on down to the ocean
Did it fade away
Did it fade on down to the sea
To the ocean and the sea
What happened to the fisherman's love
Was it nowhere to be found
What happened to the love of the fisherman
When it drove him to the high high ground
What happened to the love of the fisherman
When they drove that last nail down
What happened to the fisherman's love
When they laid him in the ground
Tell me did it fade away
Did it fade on down to the ocean
Did it fade away
Did it fade on down to the sea
To the ocean and the sea
Tell me did it fade away
Did it fade on down to the ocean
Did it fade away
Did it fade on down to the sea
To the ocean and the sea"
"2900" ""
"2901" ""
"2902" ""
"2903" ""
"2904" ""
"2905" ""
"2906" ""
"2907" ""
"2908" ""
"2909" ""
"2910" ""
"2911" ""
"2912" ""
"2913" ""
"2914" ""
"2915" ""
"2916" ""
"2917" "I've started to erase this last year.
Replacing everything I came to fear.
But my head's still trapped inside your sheets.
More and more I think that I killed me.
Growing up under florescent hallways,
Brother lied under hospital tray,
Now I call this place my second home,
Some fears die - others grow.
And I would take his hand and go to the river,
Crisp ice on eyes just made me stronger,
I'd do all his drugs to make it go away,
I still drink. I drink it all away.
Sitting in parking lots, watching stars rise,
Sitting in parking lots, I'll never feel right,
Riding my bike until my face feels numb,
I can't remember the last time these hands were mine,
I fucking hate everything I've become.
Maybe I'm older, but I'm not wiser,
I still feel just as blinded.
And I drove your car alone myself that night,
The heat didn't work - skidded over black ice,
And you walked me home, stumble drunk again,
To a dream that you had that I didn't fit in.
And I swear I tried as best as I could,
To fix broken bridges and make better on good,
I'd follow you, you know that's just me,
It's not what I want but it's how I breath.
Maybe I'm older, but I'm not wiser,
I still feel just as blinded."
"2918" "Now brave boys, we're on the march
Off to Portugal and Spain
Drums are beating, banners flying
The Devil at home will come tonight
So it's go, fare thee well
With a too da loo ra loo ra doo de da
A too ra loo ra loo ra doo de da
Me rikes fall too ra laddie-o
There's whisky in the jar
Oh, whisky you're the devil
You're leading me astray
Over hills and mountains
And to Amerikay
You're sweetness from the Bleachner
And spunkier than tea
Oh whisky you're my darling drunk or sober
The French are fighting boldly
Men are dying hot and coldly
Give every man his flask of powder
His firelock on his shoulder
So its go, fare thee well
With a too da loo ra loo ra doo de da
A too ra loo ra loo ra doo de da
Me rikes fall too ra laddie-o
There's whisky in the jar
Oh, whisky you're the devil
You're leading me astray
Over hills and mountains
And to Amerikay
You're sweetness from the Bleachner
And spunkier than tea
Oh whisky you're my darling drunk or sober
Says the old wan do not wrong me
Don't take me daughter from me
For if you do I will torment you
When I'm dead my ghost will haunt you
So its go, fare thee well
With a too da loo ra loo ra doo de da
A too ra loo ra loo ra doo de da
Me rikes fall too ra laddie-o
There's whisky in the jar
Oh, whisky you're the devil
You're leading me astray
Over hills and mountains
And to Amerikay
You're sweetness from the Bleachner
And spunkier than tea
Oh whisky you're my darling drunk or sober
Oh, whisky you're the devil
You're leading me astray
Over hills and mountains
And to Amerikay
You're sweetness from the Bleachner
And spunkier than tea
Oh whisky you're my darling drunk or sober"
"2919" "Cruiskeen Lawn
Let the farmer praise his grounds, let the hunter praise his hounds,
And the shepherd his sweet scented lawn;
But I, more blest than they, spend each happy night and day
With my charmin' little cruiskeen lawn, lawn, lawn
Oh, my charmin little cruiskeen lawn.
CHO: Gra-ma-chree ma-cruiskeen, slainte geal mavoorneen
Gra-machree a cool-in bawn, bawn, bawn,
Oh! gramachree a coolin bawn
Immortal and divine, great Bacchus, god of wine
Create me by adoption your son.
In hopes that you'll comply, THat my glass shall ne'er run dry
Nor my smilin' little etc.
And when grim Death appears, in a few but pleasant years,
To tell me that my glass has run,
I'll say, \"Begone, you knave! For great Bacchus gave me leave
To take another etc.
Recorded by Galvin- Irish Drinking Songs, Clancys
filename[ CRUSKEEN
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2920" "The Lowlands of Holland
The love that I have chosen was to my heart's content.
The salt sea shall be frozen before that I repent.
Repent it I shall never until the day I die
But the lowlands of Holland have parted my love and I.
The very night we got married and lay upon our bed
A pressgang came to my bedside and stood at my bedhead
Saying, Arise arise you new married man and come along with me,
To the lowlands of Holland to face your (fight the) enemy.
But Holland is a cold place, a place where grows no green
But Holland is a cold place for my love to wander in *
Though money had been so plentiful as leaves grow on the tree
Yet before I'd time to turn myself my love was stolen from me
Be still, be still, my daughter what makes you to lament
Is there ne'er a lad in our town can give your heart content?
There's lads enough in our town but ne'er a one for me
For I never had but one true love and he was pressed from me
*or (It's a wild inhabitation for my true love to be in)
There shall no mantle cross my back, no comb go through my hair
No firelight nor candlelight shall ease my heart's despair
And I will never married be until the day I die
For the lowlands of Holland have parted my love and me
Recorded by Patrick Galvin and (I think) Clancys
Filename[ LOWHOLLD
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2921" "MAID OF THE SWEET BROWN KNOWE
Come all ye lads and lasses, and hear my mournful tale,
Ye tender hearts that weep for love to sigh you will not fail,
'Tis all about a young man, and my song will tell you how
He lately came a-courtin' of the Maid of the Sweet Brown Knowe.
Said he, \"My pretty young fair maid, could you and I agree,
To join our hands in wedlock bands, and married we will be;
We'll join our hands in wedlock bands, and you'll have my plighted vow,
That I'll do my whole endeavors for the Maid of the Sweet Brown Knowe.
Now this young and pretty fickle thing, she knew not what to say,
Her eyes did shine like silver bright, and merrily did play;
Says she, \"Young man, your love subdue, I am not ready now,
And I'll spend another season at the foot of the Sweet Brown Knowe.\"
\"Oh,\" says he, \"My pretty young fair maid, now why do you say so?
Look down in yonder valley where my verdant crops do grow.
Look down in yonder valley at my horses and my plough,
All at their daily labor for the Maid of the Sweet Brown Knowe.\"
\"If they're at their daily labor, kind sir, it is not for me.
I've heard of your behavior, I have, kind sir, \" said she;
\"There is an inn where you drop in, I've heard the people say,
Where you rap and you call and you pay for all, and go home by the break of
day.\"
\"If I rap and I call and I pay for all, my money is all my own.
I've never spent aught of your fortune, for I hear that you've got none.
You thought you had my poor heart broke in talkin' to you now,
But I'll leave you where I found you, at the foot of the Sweet Brown Knowe.\"
Recorded by Burl Ives and several Clancys
filename[ BRNKNOWE
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2922" "BLACK CAVALRY
In the first of me downfall I put out the door,
And I straight made me way on for Carrick-on-Suir;
Going out by Rathronan 'twas late in the night
Going out the west gate for to view the gaslight
cho: Radley fal the diddle I
Radley fal the riddle airo.
There I met with a youth and unto him I said
\"Would you kindly direct me to where I'll get a bed?\"
It was then he directed me down to Cook's Lane,
To where old Dick Darby kept an old sleeping cage
There I put up and down 'til I found out the door,
And I cried, \"Must I then spend the night on the floor?\"*
And the missus came out and these words to me said,
\"If you give me three coppers I'll give you a bed.\"
She took me upstairs and she put out the light,
And in less than five minutes I had to show fight.
In less than five more, sure the story was worse,
For the fleas came about me and brought me a curse.
All round me body they formed an arch,
And all round me body they played the dead march.
The bloody old major gave me such a nip
That he nearly had taken the use of me hip.
Now I'm going to me study, these lines to pen down,
And if any poor traveler should e'er come to town,
If any poor traveler [be knighted] (benighted?) like me,
Oh, beware of Dick Darby and the black cavalry.
* line missing, faked by RG
From The Irish Songbook, Clancys
Recorded by Clancys
filename[ BLKCVLRY
play.exe BLKCVLRY
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2923" "JENNIFER GENTLE
There were three sisters, fair and bright,
Jennifer gentle, fair Rosie Marie,
Wanted to wed with a valiant Knight
As the dew flies over the mulberry tree.
The eldest sister took him in,
Also bolted the silver pin.
The second sister made his bed,'
Placed the pillow right under his head.
But the youngest sister, fair and bright,
Wanted to wed with the valiant knight.
Well, if you will answer my questions three,
Then, fair maid, I would marry thee.
Oh, what is whiter than the milk?
What is softer than the silk?
Oh, snow is whiter than the silk;
Down is softer than the silk.
And what is sharper than the thorn?
What is louder than the horn?
Oh, hunger is sharper than the thorn,
Thunder's louder than the horn.
And what is broader than the way?
What is deeper than the sea.
Oh, love is broader than the way;
hell is deeper than the sea.
Well, now you've answered my questions three;
Now, fair maid, I would marry thee.
Thisversion comes from Cornwall England. It was first printed in
Gilbert's Christmas Carols in 1893. From BTM FSI-96.
Recorded by Redpath - Lowlands, Clancys- Flowers in the Valley
Child #1
filename[ JNFRGNTL
SF
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2924" "MY JOHNNY LAD
I bought a wife in Edinburgh
For a bawbie;
And then I got a farthing back
To buy terbaccer wi'
cho: And wi' you, and wi' you, and wi' you, my Johnny lad,
I'll dance the buckles off my shoes wi' you my Johnny lad.
As I was walkin' Sunday, 'twas there I saw the Queen,
A-playln' at the football wi' the lads on Glasgow green,
The captain 'o the other slde was scorin' wi' great style,
The queen, she called a policeman, and had him thrown in jail.
Samson was a mlghty man, and he fought wi' the cuddy's jaw,
He fought a thousand battles wearlng crlmson flannel drawers.
Napoleon was an emperor, and he ruled on land and sea,
He ruled all France and Germany, but he didn't rule Jock McGhee.
Now Johnny Is a bonny lad, he is a lad of mine,
I've never had a better lad and I've had twenty-nine.
Recorded by Clancys
filename[ JOHNLAD2
play.exe JOHNLAD2
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2925" "The Old Orange Flute
In the county Tyrone, in the town of Dungannon
Where many a ruckus meself had a hand in
Bob Williamson lived there, a weaver by trade
And all of us thought him a stout-hearted blade.
On the twelfth of July as it yearly did come
Bob played on the flute to the sound of the drum
You can talk of your fiddles, your harp or your lute
But there's nothing could sound like the Old Orange Flute.
But the treacherous scoundrel, he took us all in
For he married a Papish named Bridget McGinn
Turned Papish himself and forsook the Old Cause
That gave us our freedom, religion and laws.
And the boys in the county made such a stir on it
They forced Bob to flee to the province of Connaught;
Took with him his wife and his fixins, to boot,
And along with the rest went the Old Orange Flute.
Each Sunday at mass, to atone for past deeds,
Bob said Paters and Aves and counted his beads
Till one Sunday morn, at the priest's own require
Bob went for to play with the flutes in the choir.
He went for to play with the flutes in the mass
But the instrument quivered and cried.\"O Alas!\"
And blow as he would, though he made a great noise,
The flute would play only \"The Protestant Boys\".
Bob jumped up and huffed, and was all in a flutter.
He pitched the old flute in the best holy water;
He thought that this charm would bring some other sound,
When he tried it again, it played \"Croppies Lie Down!\"
And for all he would finger and twiddle and blow
For to play Papish music, the flute would not go;
\"Kick the Pope\" to \"Boyne Water\" was all it would sound
Not one Papish bleat in it could e'er be found.
At a council of priests that was held the next day
They decided to banish the Old Flute away;
They couldn't knock heresy out of its head
So they bought Bob another to play in its stead.
And the Old Flute was doomed, and its fate was pathetic
'Twas fastened and burnt at the stake as heretic.
As the flames rose around it, you could hear a strange noise
'Twas the Old Flute still a-whistlin' \"The Protestant Boys\".
Note: the tune Protestant Boys is also known as Lilliburlero RG
Recorded by Patric Galvin, Clancys
filename[ OLDFLUTE
play.exe OLDFLUTE
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2926" "I'll sing you a song of peace and love,
Whack fol the diddle all the di do day.
To the land that reigns all lands above.
Whack fol the diddle all the di do day.
May peace and plenty be her share
Who kept our homes from want and care,
God bless Mother England is our prayer.
Whack fol the diddle all the di do day.
Whack fol the diddle all the di do day.
So we say, Hip Hooray!
Come and listen while we pray.
Whack fol the diddle all the di do day.
When we were savage, fierce and wild
She came like a mother to her child.
She gently raised us from the slime
Kept our hands from hellish crime,
And sent us to Heaven in her own good time.
Now our fathers oft were very bad boys.
Guns and pikes are dangerous toys.
From Bearna Baol to Bunker Hill
They made poor England weep her fill,
But ould Brittania loves us still!
Now Irishmen, forget the past!
And think of the time that's coming fast.
When we shall all be civilized,
Neat and clean and well-advised.
And won't Mother England be surprised?"
"2927" "Heel yo ho, boys; let her go, boys;
Bring her head round, into the weather,
Heave her ho, boys,let her go, boys
Sailing homeward to Mingulay
What care we though, white the Minch is?
What care we for wind or weather?
Let her go boys; every inch is
Sailing homeward to Mingulay.
Wives are waiting, by the pier head,
Or looking seaward, from the heather;
Heave her round, boys, then you'll anchor
'Ere the sun sets on Mingulay.
Ships return now, heavy laden
Mothers holdin' bairns a-cryin'
They'll return, though, when the sun sets
They'll return to Mingulay."
"2928" "We're the D-Day Dodgers, way off in Italy
Always on the vino, always on the spree;
Eighth Army scroungers and their tanks,
We live in Rome, among the Yanks.
We are the D-Day Dodgers, way out in Italy;(2X)
We landed in Salerno, a holiday with pay,
The Jerries brought the bands out to greet us on the way.
Showed us the sights and gave us tea,
We all sang songs, the beer was free
To welcome D-Day Dodgers to sunny Italy.
Naples and Casino were taken in our stride,
We didn't go to fight there, we went just for the ride.
Anzio and Sangro were just names,
We only went to look for dames
The artful D-Day Dodgers, way out in Italy.
Dear Lady Astor, you think you're mighty hot,
Standing on the platform, talking tommyrot.
You're England's sweetheart and her pride
We think your mouth's too bleeding wide.
We are the D-Day Dodgers, in sunny Italy.
Look around the mountains, in the mud and rain,
You'll find the scattered crosses, some that have no name.
Heartbreak and toil and suffering gone,
The boys beneath them slumber on.
They are the D-Day Dodgers who stay in Italy.
Note: An apocryphal story --- that of Lady Astor accusing the
British forces in Italy of being \"D-Day Dodgers\" --- was widely
circulated. This song was a non-apocryphal response."
"2929" "Come all you young rebels,
And list' while I sing.
For the love of one's country is a terrible thing.
It banishes fear with the the speed of a flame
And it makes us all part of the patriot game.
My name is O'Hanlon,
And I'm just gone sixteen,
My home is in Monohan,
Where I was weened,
I've learned all my life through,
When England to blame,
And so I'm a part of the patriot game.
It's barely two years since I wondered away,
With the local battalion of the bold I-R-A,
I've read of our heroes and I've wanted the same,
To play out my part in the patriot game.
This Ireland of ours has for long been half free,
Six counties are under John Bull's tyranny,
So I gave up my boyhood to drill and to train,
To play my own part in the patriot game."
"2930" "There was Johnny McEldoo and McGee and me
And a couple or two or three
went on a spree one day.
We had a bob or two, which we knew how to blew,
And the beer and whiskey flew and we all felt gay.
We visited McCann's, McLemann's, Humpty Dan's;
We then went into Swann's our stomachs for to pack.
We ordered out a feed, which indeed we did need
And we finished it with speed, but we still felt slack.
Johnny McEldoo turned red,white, and blue
[original seems to have been \"as blue as a Jew],
And a plate of Irish stew he soon put out of sight.
He shouted out \"Encore\" with a roar for some more
That he never felt before such a keen appetite.
He ordered eggs and ham, bread and jam, what a cram,
But him we couldn't ram though we tried our level best,
For everything we brought, cold or hot, mattered not
It went down him like a shot, and he still stood the test.
He swallowed tripe and lard by the yard. We got scared,
We thought it would go hard when the waiter brought the bill.
We told him to give o'er but he swore he could lo'er
Twice as much again and more before he had his fill.
He nearly sucked a trough full of broth. Says McGrath,
\"He'll devour the table cloth, if you don't hold him in.\"
When the waiter brought the charge McEldoo felt so large
He began to scowl and barge and his blood went on fire.
He began to curse and swear, tear his hair in despair,
And to finish the affair, called the shopman a liar.
The shopman he drew out and no doubt he did clout,
McEldoo he kicked about like an old football.
He tattered all his clothes, broke his nose, I suppose
He'd have killed him with a few blows in no time at all.
McEldoo began to howl and to growl by my soul,
He threw an empty bowl at the shopkeeper's head
It struck by Mickey Finn, peeled the skin off his chin,
And the ructions did begin and we all fought and bled.
The Peelers did arrive, man alive, four or five.
At us the made a drive, us all to march away.
We paid for all the meat that we ate, stood a treat,
And went home to ruminate on the spree that day.
copyright 1961 Tiparm Music Pub.
Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem,
\"Hearty and Hellish\" Columbia CS 8571
(The album has the text on the back)"
"2931" "I've been a wild rover for many a year
And I spent all me money on whiskey and beer,
But now I'm returning with gold in great store
And I never will play the wild rover no more.
And it's no, nay, never,
No nay never no more,
Will I play the wild rover
No never no more.
I went into an ale-house I used to frequent
And I told the landlady me money was spent.
I asked her for credit, she answered me \"nay
Such a custom as yours I could have any day.\"
And it's no, nay, never,
No nay never no more,
Will I play the wild rover
No never no more.
And out of me pocket I took sovereigns bright
And the landlady's eyes opened wide with delight.
She said \"I have whiskey and wines of the best
And the words that I said sure were only in jest.\"
And it's no, nay, never,
No nay never no more,
Will I play the wild rover
No never no more.
I'll go home to my parents, confess what I've done
And I'll ask them to pardon their prodigal son.
And if they caress (forgive) me as ofttimes before
Then I never will play the wild rover no more.
And it's no, nay, never,
No nay never no more,
Will I play the wild rover
No never no more."
"2932" "Methinks I see a host of craft
Spreading their sails alee
Down the Humber they do glide
All bound for the Northern Sea
Me thinks I see on each small craft
A crew with hearts so brave
Going out to earn their daily bread
Upon the restless wave
And it's three score and ten
Boys and men were lost from Grimsby town
>From Yarmouth down to Scarboro
Many hundreds more were drowned
Our herring craft, our trawlers
Our fishing smacks, as well
They long did fight that bitter night
The battle with the swell
Methinks I see them yet again
As they leave this land behind
Casting their nets into the sea
The herring shoals to find
Me thinks I see them yet again
They're all on board all right
With their nets rolled up and their decks cleaned off
And the side lights burning bright
Me thinks I've heard the captain say
\"Me lads we'll shorten sail\"
With the sky to all appearances
Looks like an approaching gale
Me thinks I see them yet again
Midnight hour is past
The little craft abattling there
Against the icy blast
October's night brought such a sight
Twas never seen before
There were mast and yards and broken spars
A washing on the shore
There were many a heart in sorrow
Many a heart so brave
There were many a fine and hearty lad
That met a watery grave"
"2933" "1. The gypsy rover came over the hill
Down through the valley so shady,
He whistled and he sang 'til the green woods rang,
And he won the heart of a lady.
Ah-de-do, ah-de-do-da-day,
Ah-de-do, ah-de-da-day
he whistled and he sang 'til the green woods rang,
And he won the heart of a lady.
2. She left behind her velvet gown
and shoes made out of spanish lether
he whistled and he sang 'til the green woods rang,
To follow the gypsy rover.
3. Her father saddled up his fastest steed
And roamed the valleys all over
Sought his daughter at great speed
And the whistling gypsy rover.
4. He came at last to a mansion fine,
Down by the river Claydee
And there was music and there was wine,
For the gypsy and his lady.
5. \"He is no gypsy, father dear\"
\"But lord of these lands all over,
And I shall stay 'til my dying day
With my whistling gypsy rover.\""
"2934" "An Ulsterman I am proud to be
>From the Antrim Glens I come.
Although I labour by the sea
I have followed flag and drum.
I have heard the martial tramp of men
I've seen them fight and die.
Ah, lads, I well remember when
I followed Henry Joy.
I pulled my boat up from the sea
I hid my sails away,
I hung my nets on a greenwood tree
And I scanned the moonlit bay.
The boys were out, and the Redcoats too,
I kissed my wife goodbye;
And in the shade of the greenwood glade
I followed Henry Joy. \"
In Antrim town the tyrant stood,
He tore our ranks with ball,
But with a cheer and a pike to clear
We swept them o'er the wall.
Our pikes and sabres flushed that day,
We won, but lost, ah, why?
No matter lads, I fought beside
And shielded Henry Joy.
Ah, boys, for Ireland's cause we fought;
For her and home we bled,
Though our pikes were few still our hearts beat true,
And five to one lay dead,
And many a lassie mourned her lad,
And mother mourned her boy;
For youth was strong in that gallant throng
Who followed Henry Joy."
"2935" "I found my love 'neath the gasworks croft falls
Dreamed a dream by the old canal
Kissed my girl by the factory wall
Dirty old town, dirty old town
Clouds are drifting across the moon
Cats are prowling on their beat
Springs a girl in the streets at night
Dirty old town, dirty old town
Heard a siren from the dock
Saw a train set the night on fire
Smelled the spring on the smoky wind
Dirty old town, dirty old town
I'm going to take a good sharp ax
Shining steel tempered in the fire
We'll chop you down like an old dead tree
Dirty old town, dirty old town"
"2936" "MOSES RI-TOORAL-I-AY
(Brain O'Higgins)
The policeman walked out, oh, so proud on his beat
When a vision came to him of stripes on his sleeve;
\"Promotion,\" he whispered, \"I'll try for today,
So its come with me Mister Ri-tooral-i-ay.\"
\"Come tell me your name,\" says the limb of the law
To the little fat man selling wares on the straw.
\"What's that, sir? Me name, sir? Why it's there on display
And it's Moses Ri-tooral-i-ooral-i-ay.\"
Now, the trial it came on and it lasted a week.
One judge said 'twas German; another, 'twas Greek-
\"Prove you're lrish,\" said the policeman \"and beyond it say nay;
And we'll sit on it, Moses Ri-tooral-i-ay.\"
Now the prisoner stepped up there as stiff as a crutch.
\"Are you lrish or English or German or Dutch?\"
\"I'm a Jew, sir; I'm a Jew, sir,\" that came over to stay.
And my name it is Moses Ri-tooral-i-ay.\"
\"We're two of a kind.\" said the judge to the Jew;
\"You're a cousin of Briscoe and I am one too.
This numbskull has blundered and for it will pay.\"
\"Wisha that's right,\" says Moses Ri-tooral-i-ay.
There's a garbage eollcctor who works down our strset;
He once was a policeman, the pride of his beat.
And he moans all the night and he groans all the day,
Singing,\" Moses Ri-tootal-i-ooral-i-ay. \"
Note: This reflects on the period when the Irish language was
outlawed in Ireland; the inability of the police to speak, or
even recognize the language presented enforcement problems.
Briscoe was Dublin's mayor. He was Jewish. (As the story
goes, \"only in America.\"
Recorded by Clancys
See also LIMBLAW
filename[ MOSESRIT
play.exe VILDINAH
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2937" "They're moving father's grave to build a sewer
They're moving it regardless of expense.
They're moving his remains to lay down nine-inch
drains
To irrigate some rich bloke's residence.
Now what's the use of having a religion?
If when you're dead you cannot get some peace
'Cause some society chap wants a pipeline to his
tank
And moves you from your place of rest and peace...
Now father in his life was not a quitter
And I'm sure that he'll not be a quitter now.
And in his winding sheet, he will haunt that privy
seat
And only let them go when he'll allow.
Now won't there be some bleedin' consternation,
And won't those city toffs begin to rave!
But it's no more than they deserve, 'cause they had
the bleedin' nerve
To muck about a British workman's grave."
"2938" "When I was young, I had no sense,
I bought a fiddle for eighteen pence.
The only tune that it would play
Was Over the Hills and Far Away.
So early in the morning,
So early in the morning,
So early in the morning,
Before the break of day.
My Aunt Jane she called me in
She gave me tea out of a tin,
Half a bag of sugar on the top
And three black lumps out of herr wee shop
So early in the morning,
So early in the morning,
So early in the morning,
Before the break of day."
"2939" "Rockin' The Cradle
On a bright summer's evening I chanced to go roving
Down by the clear river I rollicked along.
I heard an old man making sad lamentation;
He was rocking the cradle and the child not his own.
cho: Hi ho, hi ho, my laddie lie aisy
For perhaps your own daddy might never be known.
I'm sitting and sighing and rocking the cradle,
And nursin' the baby that's none of my own.
When first that I married your inconstant mother
I thought myself lucky to be blessed with a wife.
But for my misfortune, sure I was mistaken
She's proved both a curse and a plague on my life.
She goes out every night to a ball or a party
And leaves me here rockin' he cradle alone.
The innocent laddie he calls me his daddy
But little he knows that he's none of my own.
Now come all ye young men that's inclined to get married
Take my advice and let the women alone.
For by the Lord Harry, if ever you marry
They'll leave you with a baby that's none of your own.
(or \"and swear it's your own\".)
Recorded by Clancys, Ian Cambell Folk Group, Ed Trickett, Buffy
Ste. Marie
filename[ ROCKCRAD
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2940" "[Chorus]
I'll tell me Ma when I go home,
The boys won't leave the girls alone
They pull my hair, they stole my comb
But that's all right till I get home
She is handsome, she is pretty, she is the belle of Belfast City
She is a-courtin' one, two, three, please won't you tell me who is she?
Albert Mooney says he loves her, all the boys are fightin' for her
They knock on the door, they ring on the bell, say \"Oh my true love are you well?\"
Out she comes as white as snow, rings on her fingers, bells on her toes
Oul Johnny Murray says she'll die if she doesn't get the fellow with the rovin' eye
[Chorus]
Let the wind and the rain and the hail blow high and the snow come tumblin' from the sky
She's as nice as apple pie and she'll get her own lad bye and bye
When she gets a lad of her own she won't tell her Ma when she gets home
Let them all come as they will, it's Albert Mooney she loves still"
"2941" "Bold Robert Emmet
The struggle is over, the boys are defeated,
Old Ireland's surrounded with sadness and gloom,
We were defeated and shamefuIIy treated,
And I, Robert Emmet, awaiting my doom.
Hung, drawn and quartered, sure that was my sentence,
But soon I will show them no coward am I.
My crime is the love of the land I was born in,
A hero I lived and a hero I'll die.
chorus: Bold Robert Emmet, the darling of Ireland,
Bold Robert Emmet will die with a smile,
Farewell companions both loyal and daring,
I'll lay down my life for the Emerald Isle.
The barque lay at anchor awaiting to bring me
Over the billows to the land of the free;
But I must see my sweetheart for I know she will cheer me,
And with her I will sail far over the sea.
But I was arrested and cast into prison,
Tried as a traitor, a rebel, a spy;
But no man can call me a knave or a coward,
A hero I lived and a hero I'll die.
chorus:
Hark! I the bell's tolling, I well know its meaning,
My poor heart tells me it is my death knell;
In come the clergy, the warder is leading,
I have no friends here to bid me farewell.
Goodbye, old Ireland, my parents and sweetheart,
Companions in arms to forget you must try;
I am proud of the honour, it was only my duty-
A hero I lived and a hero I'll die.
chorus:
From Irish Songs of Resistance, Galvin
Recorded by Patric Galvin, Clancys
filename[ ROBTEMMT
play.exe ROBTEMMT
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2942" "(S. McGrath)
The French drink wine, the English tea.
The Yankee drinks his hot black coffee.
The child drinks milk nine times a day.
The Scotsman sips his whiskey toddy.
You can keep you wine and keep your tea!
My curse on him that brings me coffee!
I'll drink porter, if I may.
It makes me feel content and happy.
Porter quaffed down with a laugh.
The gentry have their aching livers.
Water is all right in tea,
For fish, and things that swim in rivers.
The poor man and the beggar, too,
The poet in the corner thinking.
If they'd money enough to spend,
It's pints of porter they'd be drinking.
Porter quaffed down with a laugh.
The gentry have their aching livers.
Water is all right in tea,
For fish, and things that swim in rivers.
The miser hoards and stores his gold.
The bee collects the summer honey.
When that miser's dead and cold,
Someone else will kiss his money!
Porter quaffed down with a laugh.
The gentry have their aching livers.
Water is all right in tea,
For fish, and things that swim in rivers.
Some go in for counting beads.
More go in for chasing women.
The scholar stays at home and reads.
Give me the glass with porter in it.
Porter quaffed down with a laugh.
The gentry have their aching livers.
Water is all right in tea,
For fish, and things that swim in rivers."
"2943" "CALTON WEAVER
I am a weaver, a Calton weaver
I am a brash and a roving blade
I have silver in my pouches
And I follow a roving trade
Whiskey, whiskey, Nancy whiskey
Whiskey, whiskey, Nancy O
As I walked into Glasgow city
Nancy Whiskey I chanced to smell
I walked in, sat down beside her
Seven long years I loved her well
The more I kissed her, the more I loved her
The more I kissed her, the more she smiled
I forgot my mother's teaching
Nancy soon had me beguiled
Now I rose early in the morning
To slake my thirst, it was my aim
I tried to rise but I was not able
Nancy had me by the knees
I'm going back to the guild of weaving
I'll really make those shuttles fly
I'll make more at the Calton weaving
Than ever I did in a roving way
So come all ye weavers, ye Calton weavers
Weavers where e're ye be
Beware of Whiskey, Nancy Whiskey
She'll ruin you like she ruined me"
"2944" "COORTIN' IN THE KITCHEN
Come single belle and beau, to me now pay attention
And love, I'll plainly show, is the divil's own invention.
For once I fell in love with a damsel most bewitchin'
Miss Henrietta Bell, down in Captain Kelly's kitchen
cho:
To my toora loora la, my toora loora laddy
Ri toora loora la, ri toora loora laddy.
At the age of seventeen, I was 'prenticed to a grocer
Not far from Stephen's Green, where Miss Bell for tea would go, sir
Her manners were so free, she set me heart a-twitchin'
She invited me to tea, down in Captain Kelly's kitchen.
Next Sunday bein' the day we were to have the flare-up
I dressed myself quite gay, an' I frizzed and oiled my hair up
The Captain had no wife, he had gone out a-fishin'
So we kicked up high life, below-stairs in the kitchen.
Just as the clock struck six we sat down to the table
She served me tea and cakes --- I ate while I was able,
I ate cakes, drank punch and tea, till my side had got a stitch in
And the hours flew quick away, while coortin' in the kitchen.
With my arms around her waist, I kissed ---she hinted marriage
To the door in dreadful haste came Captain Kelly's carriage!
Her looks told me full well that moment she was wishin'
That I'd get out to Hell, or somewhere far from the kitchen.
She flew up off my knees, full seven feet or higher
And over heads and heels, threw me slap into the fire
My new Repealers coat, that I'd bought from Mrs. Stichen
With a thirty-shilling note, went to blazes in the kitchen.
I grieved to see my duds, all besmeared with smoke and ashes
When a tub of dirty suds, right in my face she dashes.
As I lay on the floor, still the water she kept pitchin'
Till the footman broke the door, and marched into the kitchen.
When the Captain came downstairs, and seen my situation
In spite of all my prayers I was marched off to the station
For me they'd take no bail, tho' to get home I was itchin'
And I had to tell the tale of how I got in the kitchen.
I said she did invite me, but she gave a flat denial
For assault she did indict me, and I was sent for trial.
She swore I robbed the house, in spite of all her screechin'
And I got six months hard, for my coortin' in the kitchen.
Recorded by Galvin - Irish Love Songs, Clancys
filename[ COORTINK
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2945" "I Know My Love
I know my love by his way of walking,
And I know my love by his way of talking
And I know my love by his suit of blue
And if my love leaves me, what will I do?
Cho: And still she cried:\"I love him the best
But a troubled mind, sure, can get no rest.\"
And still she cried, \"Bonny boys are few,
And if my love leaves me, what will I do?\"
There is a dance house in Maradyke
Where my true love goes every night
And takes a strange one upon his knee
And don't you know, now, that vexes me.
I know my love is an arrant rover
And he'll go roaming the wide world over
In foreign parts he may chance to stray
Where all the girls are so bright and gay,
If my love knew I could wash and wring
If my love knew I could weave and spin
I'd make a dress all of the finest kind
But the want of money leaves me behind.
Recorded by Ives, Clancys
Filename[ KNOWLOVE
SF
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2946" "THE BRAES O' BALQUIDDHER (Wild Mountain Thyme)
1. Oh, the summer time is coming,
And the trees are sweetly blooming,
And the wild mountain thyme
grows around the blooming heather.
Chorus:
Will you go, lassie, go?
And we'll all go together
To pull wild mountain thyme
All around the blooming heather,
Will you go lassie, go?
2. I will build my love a bower
By yon clear and crystal fountain,
And on it I will pile
All the flowers of the mountain.
3. If my true love, she won't have me,
I will surely find another
To pull wild mountain thyme
All around the blooming heather.
4. Oh, the summer time is coming
And the trees are sweetly blooming
And the wild mountain thyme
Grows around the blooming heather.
from Sondra Stigen, 1984
recorded by the McPeake Family, Redpath, Clancys etc.
filename[ BRAEBALQ
play.exe BRAEBALQ
DC
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2947" "Now Jack was a sailor who roamed on the town
And she was a damsel who skipped up and down
Said the damsel to Jack as she passed him by
Would you care for to purchase some
quare bungle rye roddy rye?
Fol the diddle rye roddy rye roddy rye
Thought Jack to himself, \"Now what can this be?
But the finest of whiskey from far Germany
Smuggled up in a basket and sold on the sly
And the name that it goes by is
quare bungle rye roddy rye?
Fol the diddle rye roddy rye roddy rye\"
Jack gave her a pound and he thought nothing strange
Said she, \"Hold the basket till I get you your change\"
Jack looked in the basket and a baby did spy
Oh, Begorrah, said Jack, this is
quare bungle rye roddy rye?
Fol the diddle rye roddy rye roddy rye
Now to get the child christened was Jack's first intent
For to get the child christened, to the parson he went
Says the parson to Jack, \"What will he go by?\"
Begorrah, says Jack, Call him
quare bungle rye roddy rye?
Fol the diddle rye roddy rye roddy rye
Said the parson to Jack, \"That's a mighty queer name\"
Says Jack to the parson, \"It's a queer way he came
Smuggled up in a basket and sold on the sly
And the name that he'll go by is
quare bungle rye roddy rye?
Fol the diddle rye roddy rye roddy rye
Now all you young sailors who roam on the town
Beware of those damsels who skip up and down
Take a look in their basket as they pass you by
Or else they may sell you some
quare bungle rye roddy rye?
Fol the diddle rye roddy rye roddy rye"
"2948" "I sowed the seeds of love
I sowed them in the springtime
Gathered them up in the morning so soon
While small birds sweetly sing
While small birds sweetly sing
My garden was planted well
With flowers everywhere
I had not the liberty to choose for myself
The flower I held most dear
The gardener standing by
Three flowers he gave to me
He gave me the violet, the lily and the pink
But I refused all three
The violet I did not like
Because it fades so soon
The lily and the pink I did overthink
And vowed I would wait til June
For in June is the red, red rose
And that's the flower for me
Ofttimes Have I plucked that red rosy bush
And gained a willow tree
Now the willow tree may twist
And the willow tree may twine
I wish I was lying in that young woman's arms
That once held this heart of mine"
"2949" "BOULAVOGUE
(P.J.McCall)
At Boulavogue, as the sun was setting
O'er bright May meadows of Shelmalier,
A rebel hand set the heather blazing
And brought the neighbors from far and near.
Then Father Murphy, from old Kilcormack,
Spurred up the rocks with a warning cry;
\"Arm! Arm!\" he cried, \"for I've come to lead you,
For Ireland's freedom we fight or die.\"
He led us on 'gainst the coming soldiers,
The cowardly Yeomen we put to flight;
'Twas at the Harrow the boys of Wexford
Showed Bookey's regiment how men could fight.
Look out for hirelings, King George of England,
Search every kingdom where breathes a slave,
For Father Murphy of the County Wexford
Sweeps o'er the land like a mighty wave.
We took Camolin and Enniscorthy,
And Wexford storming drove out our foes;
'Twas at Slieve Coillte our pikes were reeking
With the crimson stream of the beaten yeos.
At Tubberneering and Ballyellis
Full many a Hessian lay in his gore;
Ah, Father Murphy, had aid come over,
The green flag floated from shore to shore!
At Vinegar Hill, o'er the pleasant Slaney,
Our heroes vainly stood back to back,
And the Yeos at Tullow took Father Murphy
And burned his body upon the rack.
God grant you glory, brave Father Murphy,
And open Heaven to all your men;
The cause that called you may call tomorrow
In another fight for the green again.
Recorded by Galvin, Clancys
Filename[ BOULVOGE
Play.exe BOULVOGE
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2950" "It's on a Clancy Brothers CD \"Live with Robby O'Connel\" or somesuch. The
song is called \"Dear Boss.\"
Dear Boss I write this note to you to tell you of my plight
And at the time of writing I am not a pretty sight
Me body is all black and blue and me face a deadly gray
And I hope you'll understand why Paddy's not at work today
I was workin' on the 14th floor; some bricks I had to clear
And throwin' 'em down from such a height was not a good idea
The foreman wasn't very pleased, he bein' an awful sod
And he said I'd have to take them down the ladder in me hod
Now shiftin' all those bricks by hand it seemed so awful slow
So I hoisted up a barrel and secured a rope below
But in my haste to do the job I was too blind to see
That a barrel full of buildin' bricks was heaveier than me
Now when I came down I cut the rope and the barrel fell like lead
And clinging tightly to the rope I started up instead
I shot up like a rocket and to my dismay I found
That halfways up I met the bloody barrel comin' down
Now the barrel broke me shoulder as to the ground it sped
And when I reached the top I struck the pulley with me head
I still clung on though numbed and shocked from this almighty blow
And the barrel spilled out half the bricks 14 floors below
Now when the bricks had fallen from the barrel to the floor
I then outweighed the barrel and I started down once more
Still clinging tightly to the rope I headed for the ground
And I fell among the broken bricks that were all scatter'd 'round
As I lay there moaning on the floor sure I thought I'd passed the worst
Then the barrel struck the pulley wheel and didn't the bottom burst
A shower of bricks came down on me sure I haven't got a hope
And as I was losing consciousness... I let go the bloody rope
Now the barrel it being heavier it started down once more
And it landed right across me as I lay there on the floor
I broke three ribs and my left arm and I can only say
That I hope you'll understand why Paddy's not at work today"
"2951" "What's the news? What's the news? O my bold Shelmalier,
With your long-barrelled gun, of the sea?
Say, what wind from the sun blows his messenger here
With a hymn of the dawn for the free?
\"Goodly news, goodly news, do I bring, youth of Forth,
Goodly news do I bring, Bargy man!
For the boys march at dawn from the south to the north
Led by Kelly, the boy from Killanne!\"
Tell me who is the giant with the gold curling hair,
He who rides at the head of the band?
Seven feet is his height, with some inches to spare
And he looks like a king in command!
\"Oh, me boys, that's the pride of the bold Shelmaliers,
\"Mongst our greatest of heroes, a man!
Fling your beavers aloft and give three rousing cheers,
for John Kelly, the boy from Killanne!\"
Enniscorthy's in flames, and old Wexford is won,
And the Barrow tomorrow we cross.
On a hill o'er the town we have planted a gun
That will batter the gateways to Ross!
All the Forth men and Bargy men march over the heath
With brave Harvey to lead on the van;
But the foremost of all in that grim gap of death
Will be Kelly, the boy from Killanne!
But the gold sun of freedom grew darkened at Ross
And it set by the Slaney's red waves;
And poor Wexford, stript naked, hung high on a cross
With her heart pierced by traitors and slaves!
Glory O! Glory O! to her brave sons who died
For the cause of long-down-trodden man!
Glory O! to mount Leinster's own darling and pride:
Dauntless Kelly, the boy from Killanne!
Recorded by Clancys, Patrick Galvin
filename[ KELLYKIL
play.exe KELLYKIL
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2952" "On the banks of the roses, my love and I sat down
And I took out my violin to play my love a tune
In the middle of the tune, O she sighed and she said
O Johnny, lovely Johnny, Would you leave me
O when I was a young man, I heard my father say
That he'd rather see me dead and buried in the clay
Sooner than be married to any runaway
By the lovely sweet banks of the roses
O then I am no runaway and soon I'll let them know
I can take a good glass or leave it alone
And the man that doesn't like me, he can keep
his daughter home
And young Johnny will go roving with another
And if ever I get married, twill be in the month of May
When the leaves they are green and the meadows
they are gay
And I and my true love can sit and sport and play
On the lovely sweet banks of the roses"
"2953" "Well, here I am from Paddy's land, a land of high renown
I've broke the hearts of all the girls for miles round Keady town
And when they hear that I'm awa' they'll raise a hullabaloo
When they hear about that handsome lad they call Jack Donahue!
cho: For I'm the boy to squeeze her, and I'm the boy to tease her
I'm the boy that can please her, ach, an' I'll tell you what I'll do
I'll court her like an Irishman
Wi' me brogue and blarney too is me plan
With the holligan, rolligan, swolligan, molligan bold O'Donahue!
I wish my love was a red. red rose growing on yon garden wall
And me to be a dewdrop and upon her brow I'd fall!
Perhaps now she might think of me as a rather heavy dew
And no more she'd love that handsome lad they call O'Donahue!
Well I hear that Queen Victoria has a daughter fine and grand
Perhaps she'd take it into her head for to marry an Irishman
And if I could only get the chance to have a word or two
I'm sure she'd take a notion to the bold O'Donahue!"
"2954" "Mush Mush
Oh, 'twas there I learned readin' and writin',
At Bill Brackett's where I went to school,
And 'twas there I learned howlin' and fightin'
With me schoolmaster, Mister O'Toole.
Him and me we had many a scrimmage,
An' divil a copy I wrote;
There was ne'er a gossoon in the village
Dared tread on the tail o' me...
cho: Mush, mush, mush toor-i-li-ady
Mush, mush, mush toor-i-li-ay
There was ne'er a gossoon in the village
Dared tread on the tail o' me coat.
Oh, 'twas there that I learned all me courtin'
O the lessons I took in the art!
Till Cupid, the blackguard, while sportin'
An arrow drove straight through my heart.
Miss Judy, she lived just forinst me,
And tender lines to her I wrote,
If ye dare say one hard word agin her
I'll tread on the tail o' yer...
cho:
But a blackguard called Mickey Maloney,
Came an' stole her affections away
For he'd money and I hadn't any,
So I sent him a challenge next day.
In the evenin' we met at the Woodbine
The Shannon we crossed in a boat,
An' I lathered him with me shillelagh
For he trod on the tail o' me...
cho:
Oh, me fame went abroad through the nation,
An' folks came a-flockin' to see
An' they cried out, without hesitation
\"You're a fightin' man, Billy McGhee!\"
Oh, I've cleaned out the Finnegan faction
An' I've licked all the Murphys afloat,
If you're in for a row or a ruction,
Just tread on the tail o' me...
cho:
Recorded by Patric Galvin, Clancys (I think), featured in film
\"The Quiet Man\"
filename[ MUSHMUSH
play.exe MUSHMUSH
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2955" "Biddy Mulligan, The Pride of the Coombe
cho:
You may travel from Clare to the county Kildare
From Francis Street back to the Coombe;
But where would you see a fine widow like me?
Biddy Mulligan the pride of the Coombe, me boys,
Biddy Mulligan the pride of the Coombe.
I'm a buxom fine widow, I live in a spot
In Dublin, they call it the Coombe.
Me shops and me stalls are laid out on the street,
And me palace consists of one room.
I sell apples and oranges, nuts and sweet peas,
Bananas and sugar stick sweet.
On a Saturday night I sell second-hand clothes,
From the floor of me stall in the street.
cho:
I sell fish on a Friday, spread out on a board;
The finest you'll find in the sea.
But the best is my herrings, fine Dublin Bay herrings,
There's herrings for dinner and tea.
I have a son, Mick, he's great on the flute,
He plays in the Longford Street band;
It would do your heart good for to see him march out
On a Sunday for Dollymount Strand.
cho:
In the park, on a Sunday, I make quite a dash;
The neighbors look on in surprise.
With my Aberdeen shawlie thrown over my head,
I dazzle the sight of their eyes.
At Patrick Street corner, for sixty-four years,
I've stood, and no one can deny
That while I stood there, nobody could dare
To say black was the white of my eye.
cho:
recorded Clancys (I think) RG
filename[ BIDDYMUL
play.exe BIDDYMUL
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2956" "1 * * 57
Who will plow the field now, and who will sow the corn
1 * * 57
Who will wash the sheep now, and keep them neatly shorn
4 1 * 57
The stack that's in the haggard, un-touched it may re-main
1 * 4 57 1
Since Johnny went a-thrashing all in the wars of Spain
CHORUS:
4 * 1 *
Johnny, lovely Johnny, he's sailing o'er the main
1 * 4 57 1
A-long with other patriots, to fight the King of Spain
And the girls from the bawn-oag in sorrow may re-tire
The piper and his bellows, (may) go home and blow the fire
At fairs and hurling matches, your likes we seldom see
Till you come home a-gain to us, a-storeen oag mo cree
And a cruel fate will not permit our Johnny to re-turn
His heavy loss, we Bantry girls will never cease to mourn
We re-sign ourselves to our sad lot, and die in grief and pain
Johnny died for freedom's sake in the foreign lands of Spain
NOTES:
- Gaelic phrases are spelled phonetically
- Haggard: a threshing yard
- Ba/no/g: a green patch of ground (Ireland?)
- Mi/an fhomhair: harvest month
- Asto/iri/n o/g mo chroi: little young treasure of my heart"
"2957" "The Men of the West
(William Rooney)
When you honor in song and in story
The names of the patriot men,
Whose valor has covered with glory
Full many a mountain and glen,
Forget not the boys of the heather
Who rallied their bravest and best
When Ireland was broken in Wexford
And looked for revenge to the West.
cho: I give you the gallant old West, boys,
Where rallied our bravest and best
When Ireland lay broken and bleeding;
Hurrah for the men of the West!
The hilltops with glory were glowing
'Twas the eve of a bright harvest day,
When the ship we'd been wearily waiting
Sailed into Killala's broad bay.
And over the hills went the slogan
To awaken in every breast
The fire that has never been quenched, boys,
Among the true hearts of the West.
cho:
Killala was ours ere the midnight,
And high over Ballina town
Our banners in triumph were waving
Before the next sun had gone down.
We gathered to speed the good work, boys
The true men from near and afar;
And history can tell how we routed
The redcoats through old Castlebar.
cho:
And pledge me the stout sons of France, boys,
Bold Humbert and all his brave men,
Whose tramp, like the trumpet of battle,
Brought hope to the drooping again.
Since Ireland has caught to her bosom
On many a mountain and hill
The gallants who fell, so they're here, boys,
To cheer us to victory still.
cho:
Though all the bright dreamings we cherished
Went down in disaster and woe,
The spirit of old is still with us
That never would bend to the foe.
And Connaught is ready whenever
The loud rolling tuck of the drum
Rings out to awaken the echoes
And tell us the morning has come.
cho:
Recorded by Clancys, Patrick Galvin
filename[ MENWEST
play.exe ROSINBOW
RG
===DOCUMENT BOUNDARY==="
"2958" "Tim Finnegan lived in watling street
A gentle Irishman, mighty odd
He'd a beautiful brogue so rich and sweet
To rise in the world, he carried a hod
See, he'd sort of a tipplin' way
With love for the liquor poor Tim was born
To help him on with his work each day
He'd a drop of the craythur every morn'
Whack fol, de, dah
Now, dance to your partner
Welt the floor, your trotters shake
Wasn't it the truth, they told ye lots of fun
At Finnegan's wake
One morning Tim got rather full
His head felt heavy which made him shake
Fell from a ladder and he broke his skull
They carried him home, his corpse to wake
Rolled him up in a nice clean sheet
And laid him out upon the bed
A gallon of whiskey at his feet
And a bottle of porter at his head
Whack fol, de, dah
Now, dance to your partner
Welt the floor, your trotters shake
Wasn't it the truth, they told ye lots of fun
At Finnegan's wake
His friends assembled at the wake
And misses Finnegan called for lunch
First she brought in tea and cake
Then pipes, tobacco and whiskey punch
Biddy O'Brien began to cry
Such a nice clean corpse, did you ever see?
Tim mavourneen, why did you die?
Arrah, hold your gob, said Patty Megee
Whack fol, de, dah
Now, dance to your partner
Welt the floor, your trotters shake
Wasn't it the truth, they told ye lots of fun
At Finnegan's wake
Then Maggie O'Connor took up the job
\"Arrah\", biddy says, she ye're wrong, I'm sure
Biddy then gave her a belt on the gob
And left her sprawling on the floor
There the war did soon engage
Woman to woman and man to man
Shillelah law was all the rage
An a row and a ruction soon began
Whack fol, de, dah
Now, dance to your partner
Welt the floor, your trotters shake
Wasn't it the truth, they told ye lots of fun
At Finnegan's wake
Then Mickey Maloney raised his head
When a bottle of whiskey flew at him
It missed him falling on the bed
The liquor scattered over Tim
Tim revives, see how he rises
Timothy rising from the bed
Then Whirl your whiskey around
Like blazes Thanum an Dhul
Do ye think I'm dead?"
"2959" ""
"2960" ""
"2961" "The minstrel boy to the war is gone
In the ranks of death you'll find him
His father's sword he hath girded on
And his wild harp slung behind him
\"Land of Song!\" cried the warrior bard
(Should) \"Tho' all the world betrays thee
One sword, at least, thy rights shall guard
One faithful harp shall praise thee!\"
The Minstrel fell! But the foreman's steel
Could not bring that proud soul under
The harp he lov'd ne'er spoke again
For he tore its chords asunder
And said \"No chains shall sully thee
Thou soul of love and brav'ry!
Thy songs were made for the pure and free
They shall never sound in slavery!"
"2962" ""
"2963" ""
"2964" ""
"2965" "O see the fleet-foot host of men,
Who march with faces drawn,
From farmstead and from fishers' cot,
Along the banks of Ban;
They come with vengeance in their eyes.
Too late! Too late are they,
For young Roddy McCorley goes to die
On the bridge of Toome today.
Up the narrow street he stepped,
So smiling, proud and young.
About the hemp-rope on his neck,
The golden ringlets clung;
There's ne'er a tear in his blue eyes,
Fearless and brave are they,
As young Roddy McCorley goes to die
On the bridge of Toome today.
When last this narrow street he trod,
His shining pike in hand
Behind him marched, in grim array,
A earnest stalwart band.
To Antrim town! To Antrim town,
He led them to the fray,
But young Roddy McCorley goes to die
On the bridge of Toome today.
There's never a one of all your dead
More bravely died in fray
Than he who marches to his fate
In Toomebridge town today; ray
True to the last! True to the last,
He treads the upwards way,
And young Roddy McCorley goes to die
On the bridge of Toome today."
"2966" ""
"2967" ""
"2968" ""
"2969" "I sat within the valley green, I sat me with my true love
My sad heart strove the two between, the old love and the new love
The old for her, the new that made me think on Ireland dearly
While soft the wind blew down the glen and shook the golden barley
'Twas hard the woeful words to frame to break the ties that bound us
But harder still to bear the shame of foreign chains around us
And so I said, \"The mountain glen I'll seek at morning early
And join the bold united men, while soft winds shake the barley\"
While sad I kissed away her tears, my fond arms round her flinging
The foeman's shot burst on our ears from out the wildwood ringing
A bullet pierced my true love's side in life's young spring so early
And on my breast in blood she died while soft winds shook the barley
But blood for blood without remorse I've taken at Oulart Hollow
And laid my true love's clay cold corpse where I full soon may follow
As round her grave I wander drear, noon, night and morning early
With breaking heart when e'er I hear the wind that shakes the barley"
"2970" ""
"2971" ""
"2972" ""
"2973" "The Real Old Mountain Dew
Beside a hill there is a still,
Where the smoke runs up to the sky;
You ean always tell by the whiff and the smell
That the liquor boys are nigh.
Refrain:
That the liquor boys are nigh,
That the liquor boys are nigh,
You ean always tell by the whiff and the smell,
That the liquor boys are nigh.
This mountain dew is made from grain,
And mixed with water pure,
And the alcohol that it eontains
Will all your troubles cure.
Refrain:
Will all your troubles cure,
Will all your troubles cure,
And the alcohol that it contains
Will all your troubles eure.
AII learned men who use the pen
Have writ its praises high;
It fills the air with perfume rare
Distilled with wheat and rye.
Refrain:
Distilled with wheat and rye,
Distilled with wheat and rye,
It fills the air with perfume rare
Distilled with wheat and rye.
Away with pills,'twill cure the ills
Of Pagan, Christian and Jew,
Off with your coat and wet your throat
With the real old mountain dew.
Refrain:
With the real old mountain dew,
With the real old mountain dew,
Off with your coat and wet your throat
With the real old mountain dew.
So before we roll won't you have another bowl
Of the good old mountain dew?
Of the good old mountain dew?
Of the good old mountain dew?
Refrain:
Of the good old mountain dew?
Of the good old mountain dew?
So before we roll won't you have another bowl
Of the good old mountain dew?
WE DO"
"2974" ""
"2975" "It was down the glen one Easter morn, to a city fair rode I
There Ireland's lines of marching men, in squadron passed me by
No pipes did hum or no battle drum did sound its dread tattoo
But, the Angelus bell o'er the Liffey swell, rang out in the Foggy Dew
Right proudly high over Dublin town, they hung out the flag of war
For, 'twas better to die 'neath an Irish sky than at Suvla or Sud El Bar
And from the plains of Royal Meath, strong men came hurrying through
While Brittania's sons with their long range guns, sailed in by the Foggy Dew
'Twas England bade our wild geese go that small nations might be free
But, their lonely graves are by Suvla's waves on the fringe of the grey North Sea
Oh, had they died by Pearse's side, or fought with Valera true
Their graves we'd keep where the Fenians sleep, 'neath the hills of the Foggy Dew
The bravest fell and the sullen bell rang mournfully and clear
For those who died that Easter tide in the springing of the year
And the world did gaze in deep amaze at those fearless men and true
Who bore the fight that freedom's light might shine through the Foggy Dew"
"2976" ""
"2977" "I've been a moonshiner for many a year
And I've spent all me money on whiskey and beer
I'll go to some hollow and I'll set up my still
And I'll make you a gallon for a ten shilling bill
[Chorus:]
I'm a rambler, I'm a gambler,
I'm a long way from home
And if you don't like me
You can leave me alone
I'll eat when I'm hungry
And I'll drink when I'm dry
And if moonshine don't kill me
I'll live till I die
I'll go to some hollow in this country
Ten gallons of wash and I'll go on a spree
No woman to follow and the world is all mine
I love none so well as I love the moonshine"
"2978" ""
"2979" ""
"2980" ""
"2981" ""
"2982" ""
"2983" "Oh list to the lay of a poor Irish harper
And scorn not the strains of his old, withered hands
But remember his fingers, they once could move sharper
To raise up the memory of his dear native land
At a fair or a wake, I could twist my shillelagh
Or trip through a jig with my brogues bound with straw
And all the pretty colleens around me assembled
Loved their bold Phelim Brady, the bard of Armagh
Oh, how I long to muse on the days of my boyhood
But four score and three years have flitted since then
But they bring sweet reflections, as every young joy should
For, the merry hearted boys makes the best of old men
And when sergeant death, in his cold arms shall embrace me
And lull me to sleep with sweet Erin go bragh
By the side of my Kathleen, my young wife then place me
Then forget Phelim Brady, the bard of Armagh"
"2984" "There was Johnny McEldoo and McGee and me
And a couple of two or three went on the spree one day
We had a bob or two, which we knew how to blew
And the beer and whiskey flew and we all felt gay
We visited McCann's, Maclaman's, Humpty Dan's
We then went into Swan's, our stomachs for to pack
We ordered out a feed, which indeed, we did need
And we finished it with speed, but we still felt slack
Johnny McEldoo turned red, white and blue
As a plate of Irish stew he soon put out of sight
He shouted out \"Encore!\" with a roar for some more
That he'd never felt before such a keen appetite
We ordered eggs and ham, bread and jam, what a cram
But him, we couldn't ram, though we tried our level best
For everything we brought, cold or hot, mattered not
It went down him like a shot and he still stood the test
He swallowed tripe and lard by the yard, we got scarred
We thought it would go hard when the waiter brought the bill
We told him to give o'er, but he swore he could lower
Twice as much again and more before he had his fill
He nearly supped a trough full of broth says McGragh
\"He'll devour the tablecloth if you don't hold him in\"
When the waiter brought the charge, McEldoo felt so large
He began to shout and barge and his blood went on fire
He began to curse and swear, tear his hair in despair
To finish the affair, called the shop man a liar
The shop man, he through out and no doubt, he did clout
McEldoo he kicked about like an old football
Tattered all his clothes, broke his nose, I suppose
He would have killed him with a few blows in no time at all
Mceldoo began to howl and to growl, by my soul
Through an empty bowl at the shop keepers head
It struck poor Mickey Flynn, took the skin from his chin
An erection did begin and we all fought and bled
The peelers did arrive, man alive, four or five
At us they made a dive for us all to march away
We paid for all the mate that we ate, stood a trait
And went home to ruminate on the spree that day"
"2985" ""
"2986" ""
"2987" "While goin' the road to sweet Athy, hurroo, hurroo
While goin' the road to sweet Athy, hurroo, hurroo
While goin' the road to sweet Athy,
A stick in me hand and a drop in me eye,
A doleful damsel I heard cry,
Johnny I hardly knew ye.
[Chorus]
With your guns and drums and drums and guns, hurroo, hurroo
With your guns and drums and drums and guns, hurroo, hurroo
With your guns and drums and drums and guns,
The enemy nearly slew ye
Oh my darling dear, Ye look so queer
Johnny I hardly knew ye.
Where are the eyes that were so mild, hurroo, hurroo
Where are the eyes that were so mild, hurroo, hurroo
Where are the eyes that were so mild,
When my heart you so beguiled
Why did ye sci-daddle from me and the child
Oh Johnny, I hardly knew ye
Where are the legs with which you run, hurroo, hurroo
Where are the legs with which you run, hurroo, hurroo
Where are the legs with which you run,
When first you went to carry a gun
Indeed your dancing days are done
Oh Johnny, I hardly knew ye
Ye haven't an arm, ye haven't a leg, hurroo, hurroo
Ye haven't an arm, ye haven't a leg, hurroo, hurroo
Ye haven't an arm, ye haven't a leg,
Ye're an armless, boneless, chickenless egg
Ye'll have to put with a bowl out to beg
Oh Johnny I hardly knew ye
I'm happy for to see ye home, hurroo, hurroo
I'm happy for to see ye home, hurroo, hurroo
I'm happy for to see ye home,
All from the island of Ceylon;
So low in the flesh, so high in the bone
Oh Johnny I hardly knew ye
[Chorus]
The enemy never slew ye
Oh, my darling dear you look so queer"
"2988" "Jug Of Punch
'Twas early, early, in the month of June
I was sitting with my glass and spoon.
A small bird sat on an ivy bunch
And the song he sang was a jug of punch.
Toor-a-loora-la, toor-a-loora-lie
Toor-a-loora-la, toor-a-loora-lie
A small bird sat on an ivy bunch
And the song he sang was a jug of punch.
If I were sick, and very bad
And were not able to go or stand,
I would not think it at all amiss
To pledge my shoes for a jug of punch.
Toor-a-loora-la, toor-a-loora-lie
Toor-a-loora-la, toor-a-loora-lie
I would not think it at all amiss
To pledge my shoes for a jug of punch.
What more diversion can a man desire
Than to sit him down by a snug turf fire,
Upon his knee a pretty wench
And upon his table a jug of punch.
Toor-a-loora-la, toor-a-loora-lie
Toor-a-loora-la, toor-a-loora-lie
Upon his knee a pretty wench
And upon his table a jug of punch.
And when I'm dead and in my grave
No costly tombstone will I have,
I'll dig a grave both wide and deep
With a jug of punch at my head and feet."
"2989" "Of all the money that e'er I spent
I've spent it in good company
And all the harm that ever I did
Alas it was to none but me
And all I've done for want of wit
To memory now I can't recall
So fill to me the parting glass
Good night and joy be with you all
If I had money enough to spend
And leisure to sit awhile
There is a fair maid in the town
That sorely has my heart beguiled
Her rosy cheeks and ruby lips
I own she has my heart enthralled
So fill to me the parting glass
Good night and joy be with you all
Oh, all the comrades that e'er I had
They're sorry for my going away
And all the sweethearts that e'er I had
They'd wish me one more day to stay
But since it falls unto my lot
That I should rise and you should not
I'll gently rise and softly call
Good night and joy be with you all"
"2990" ""
"2991" ""
"2992" "Tis of a brave young highwayman this story I will tell
His name was Willie Brennan and in Ireland he did dwell
It was on the Kilwood Mountain he commenced his wild career
And many a wealthy nobleman before him shook with fear
It was Brennan on the moor, Brennan on the moor
Bold, brave and undaunted was young Brennan on the moor
One day upon the highway as young Willie he went down
He met the mayor of Cashiell a mile outside of town
The mayor he knew his features and he said, Young man, said he
Your name is Willie Brennan, you must come along with me
Now Brennan's wife had gone to town provisions for to buy
And when she saw her Willie she commenced to weep and cry
Said, Hand to me that tenpenny, as soon as Willie spoke
She handed him a blunderbuss from underneath her cloak
Now with this loaded blunderbuss - the truth I will unfold -
He made the mayor to tremble and he robbed him of his gold
One hundred pounds was offered for his apprehension there
So he, with horse and saddle to the mountains did repair
Now Brennan being an outlaw upon the mountains high
With cavalry and infantry to take him they did try
He laughed at them with scorn until at last 'twas said
By a false-hearted woman he was cruelly betrayed
They hanged Brennan at the crossroads, in chains he hung and dried
But still they say that, in the night, some do see him ride
They see him with his blunderbuss, all in the midnight chill
Along, along the King's highway rides Willie Brennan still!"
"2993" ""
"2994" ""
"2995" "as I went home on Monday night
as drunk as drunk can be"
"2996" "In this windy old weather, stormy old weather
Whilst when the wind blows we'll all go together
In this windy old weather, stormy old weather
Whilst when the wind blows we'll all go together
In this windy old weather, stormy old weather
Whilst when the wind blows we'll all go together
And up jumped the herring, the king of the sea
He sang out old skipper, now you can catch me
In this windy old weather, stormy old weather
Whilst when the wind blows we'll all go together
And up jumped the mackrel with his stripped back
He sang out old skipper, hum haul your main tag
In this windy old weather, stormy old weather
Whilst when the wind blows we'll all go together
And up jumped the sprat, the smallest of all
He sang out old skipper, hum haul your trawl haul
In this windy old weather, stormy old weather
Whilst when the wind blows we'll all go together
And up jumped the crab with his great long claw
He sang out old skipper, you'll run us ashore
In this windy old weather, stormy old weather
Whilst when the wind blows we'll all go together
And up jumped the herring, all broken and spent
He sang rifting's finished now who'll pay the rent
In this windy old weather, stormy old weather
Whilst when the wind blows we'll all go together
And up jumped the herring, right under the lay
He sang rifting's finished, who's bother with me
In this windy old weather, stormy old weather
Whilst when the wind blows we'll all go together
And up jumped the herring, the king of a shore
He sang rifting's finished, gotta stay on the door
In this windy old weather, stormy old weather
Whilst when the wind blows we'll all go together"
"2997" "Each time a baby is born god say the world has one more chance"
"2998" "Swish, smack! Whip, crack!
Smash, grab! Pinch, nab!
You go, my lad!
Ho, ho! My lad!
The black crack! The back crack!
The black crack! The back crack!
Down down to Goblin-town
Down down to Goblin-town
Down down to Goblin-town
You go, my lad!
Ho, ho! My lad!
Goblins quaff, and Goblins beat
Goblins laugh, and Goblins bleat
Batter, jabber, whip and hammer, hooo!
Yo go, my lad!
Ho, ho my lad!
Below, my lad!
Ho, ho! My lad!"
"2999" ""
"3000" ""
"3001" ""
"3002" ""
"3003" ""
"3004" ""
"3005" ""
"3006" ""
"3007" ""
"3008" ""
"3009" ""
"3010" ""
"3011" ""
"3012" ""
"3013" ""
"3014" ""
"3015" ""
"3016" ""
"3017" ""
"3018" ""
"3019" ""
"3020" ""
"3021" ""
"3022" "I got to tell you something
I wanna view your dreams
I wanna pull out your crazy and pour it over me.
I might take you somewhere far across the seas
I need your faith, I need your everything.
As you enter into my curse
Our dreams reverse and the demons burst...
So I wait, anticipate to meet you tonight,
Come this way and I will bring your dreams to life.
I wanna move you somewhere close to ecstasy
I might tell you things some which you won't believe
I wanna view the signals that control your brain
I need a taste I need your everything.
As you enter into my curse
Our dreams reverse and the demons burst...
So I wait, anticipate to meet you tonight
Just come this way and I will bring your dreams to life.
From the first time I saw you till now
I have counted the years that have gone by
We'll release those demons tonight, tonight.
So I wait, anticipate to meet you tonight
Just come this way and I will bring your dreams to life.
So I save this occasion to meet you tonight
Just come this way and I will bring your dreams to life."
"3023" "I've been waiting
For you to say the words
As we sail across the universe
Entertaining
You bring me to a stare
As you wave your heart into the air
I walk away
And play it safe
It's strange
How it works
Take your vices
And throw them in the drain
While you're laughin' in the pouring rain
Are you sorry?
Well can you find the words?
You just say the lines that you've rehearsed
I'll walk away
And play it safe like you
I just walk away and play it cool
It's strange
How it works
Just walk away and play it cool
It's strange
How it works"
"3024" "From the haze in your chambers
To the legs on the stage
I'm consumed by your danger
I can lose my restraint yeah
I can take you even further
Oh yeah I
I'll let you enter
From the stage
We shoot our guns
Then we sail off into the sun
While the cold world freezes on
The view from the trails from the vapors
That we burn from a kiss
Heats the stars that we strangle
And it's proof we exist
I can take you even further
Oh yeah I
I'll let you enter
From the stage
We shoot our guns
Then we sail off into the sun
While the cold world freezes on"
"3025" ""
"3026" "You hang there on the wall
You've carved out your place
But I can tell you shake from inside
I see it all the time
The feel is always there
Just frozen in your mind from inside
I wasn't gonna play it tonight
But I can't help it
The feelings alive
As long as you play my game
I'll let you win
Before your entrance wave
Before we play this game
I like to feel you break from inside
You're gold and pink inside
And it's showing through your stare
It's frozen us in time from inside
I wasn't gonna play it tonight
But I can't help it
The feelings alive
As long as you play my game
I'll let you win
Come play my game
I'll let you win
I wasn't gonna play it tonight
But I can't help it
The feelings alive
As long as you play my game
I'll let you win"
"3027" "I dream a day that god will surface
To retrieve his nails and open your heart.
You'll say you're mine for the ages
Just open your heart and say
\"I swear on the cross\"
Can you promise this to the grave you'll take my name?
Can you promise me?
Overseas and over mountains
A thousand years I've waited for her
To say the lines \"from this day forward\"
Just open your heart and say
\"I swear on the cross\"
Can you promise that to the grave you'll take my name?
Can you promise me?
All this time I've prayed for this day to come true,
No one knows how deep the waves we waded through.
I wish I could take your hand and make it true.
Cause no one knows how far apart we've stayed to get through.
I wish I could take your hand and make it true.
Cause no one knows how far apart we stay to get through.
Can you say \"I swear on the cross\"
Can you promise that to the grave you'll take my name?
Can you promise me?"
"3028" "It's a strange day
The roses are in bloom
But in a strange way
I know somehow we're doomed
Look around through the town
Not a soul to be found
In silence, not a sound
There's no one around but you
In the back of the car
On the way from the bar
In silence, here we are
Reminding us of how we're doomed
Well, get set,
It's time, we come to the end
We've circled around our doom
And I won't stop,
Not 'til I get what I want
And all that I want is you
In a strange place
When the sun goes down, we move
Into a strange phase
Like we've got nothing left to lose
So we slip through the town
With our heads in the clouds
In silence, not a sound
For miles and miles around
Fall asleep in the park
Underneath all the stars
In silence, here we are
Reminded of how we're doomed
Get set,
It's time we come to the end
We've circled around our doom
Yeah, I won't stop,
Not 'til I get what I want
And all that I want is you
It's you
All that I want is you
Yeah, you
All that I want is you
So get set,
It's time we come to the end
We've circled around our doom
Yeah, I won't stop,
Not 'til I get what I want
And all that I want is you
Now get set,
It's time we come to the end
We've circled around our doom
Yeah, I won't stop,
Not 'til I get what I want
'Cause all that I want is you"
"3029" "How come you never rest your tongue?
How do you ever expect to learn?
I know you want to chase it
But don't want to break your stride
I know you want to taste it
But don't want to waste your mind
I know you want to try it
so go and dive in
Taste it, like it
They've got you so excited
You want to climb in
Taste the violence
Between the razors and the hooks
And from the blood that you cough up
I see you want a taste,
But don't want to wreck your life
I think you know the game,
So go ahead and take a bite
I know you want to try it,
so go and dive in
Taste it, like it
They've got you so excited,
You want to climb in
Taste the violence"
"3030" "I can live inside your golden gates
I fell into another state
High inside your all is left
I give into you all the way
I follow you into the light
I follow you into the light
I can live inside your golden gates
I fell into another state
High inside your holiness
I give into you all the way
I follow you into the light
I follow you into the light"
"3031" "Something's changed in your face I notice
A different sparkle in those crazy eyes
Your unmistakable charade I know it
Always tricks me every time.
A million tears, a trillion times
I've seen that glaze and glitch in your eyes.
This is a trick
Hello, hello, I know
What this really is
I know hello, hello, hello
What's the matter with the transformation?
What you've been practicing for days and nights.
While I'm watching the creation of this
awful creature that no one likes.
A million tears, a trillion times
I've seen that glaze and glitch in your eyes.
This is a trick
Hello, hello, I know
What this really is
I know hello, hello
This is a trick
Hello, hello, I know
What this really is
I know hello, hello.
I'm so excited I can hardly take it.
This is a trick
Hello, hello, I know
What it really is
I know hello, hello,
It's just a trick
Hello, hello, I know
What it really is
I know hello, hello"
"3032" "When the sun goes down
I go out from the pages.
I pop the balloon you sailed across
and tip from the bottom of trees.
From the inside of the way
I start the illusion that escapes.
You didn't have to run, stop run
Just keep me where I want.
You knew how good it felt to be home.
Very soon we'll be erased.
Forget how to count tense we used.
Then realize that, oh God,
you were not aware that I was in love with you.
You didn't have to run, stop run
Just keep me where I want.
We're frozen. Yeah, we're frozen.
You knew how good it felt to be home."
"3033" ""
"3034" "Live reckless is fun, new spirit, check it
My suggestion if you'd like to hear
Hit records for the cool kids
No exception - take it or leave it
I never thought that this could happen to me
You never thought that this would happen, did you?
One second it's the same track
I recognize that pretty chop or bridge
Black stallion is the lifestyle
No exception, baby, all of it
I never thought that this could happen to me
You never thought that this would happen, did you?
I like how you move to the music, it's easy to like
Cause baby you're born to be famous, with your name in lights
I never thought that this could happen to me
You never thought that this would happen, did you?"
"3035" "Here on this stainless table
I come inside you and haunt your dreams
Baby I don't mind, you can fake it
But I don't mind, come away with me.
You make a godly servant
Protect your bible between your knees
Baby I won't mind, let me play with it
I don't mind, run away with it.
The funeral party favorite
I'm the ghost in the human shape
Baby I don't mind if you play with me
I don't mind, run away with me.
We'll drink from the waves and feel our souls,
Fall asleep on the graves and seal our souls.
Get drunk on the waves, reveal our souls
Fall asleep on the graves and seal our souls
I know when the angel calls you
You'll cross your fingers then fall asleep
Baby I don't mind if you play with me
I don't mind, come away with me
We'll drink from the waves and feel our souls,
We'll fall asleep on the graves and seal our souls.
Get drunk on the waves, reveal our souls
We fall asleep on the graves and seal our souls."
"3036" "As the moon ascends
The wolves come out to see the end
They hide from view and wait
To watch the ghost inside you come awake
And when the shots go off, you hear them call
My heart is racing just to see it all
To watch you crawl out of your changing shape
Take all your breath and watch it come awake
From the flames of the fire,
I feel you crawling to my bed
Throwing shapes at the sky,
I watch you crying to me
With your knees open
I display you, taunt the beast again
'cause when you move and shake
That thing inside you comes awake
As you dance against the breathing wall
My claws are out, I want to feel it all
Feel it crawl inside you, changing shape
Take out your breath and feel you come awake
From the flames of the fire,
I feel you crawling to my bed
Throwing shapes at the sky,
I watch you crying to me
Say something, pray for something
Say something, pray to something
Say something, pray to something
Say something, pray to something
Say
(from the flames of the fire
I watch you crawling to me)
From the flames of the fire,
I feel you crawling to my bed
Throwing shapes at the sky,
I watch you crying to me
Say something! pray for something!
Say something! pray to something!
Say"
"3037" "I got to tell you something
I wanna view your dreams
I wanna pull out your crazy and pour it over me.
I might take you somewhere far across the seas
I need your faith, I need your everything.
As you enter into my curse
Our dreams reverse and the demons burst...
So I wait, anticipate to meet you tonight,
Come this way and I will bring your dreams to life.
I wanna move you somewhere close to ecstasy
I might tell you things some which you won't believe
I wanna view the signals that control your brain
I need a taste I need your everything.
As you enter into my curse
Our dreams reverse and the demons burst...
So I wait, anticipate to meet you tonight
Just come this way and I will bring your dreams to life.
From the first time I saw you till now
I have counted the years that have gone by
We'll release those demons tonight, tonight.
So I wait, anticipate to meet you tonight
Just come this way and I will bring your dreams to life.
So I save this occasion to meet you tonight
Just come this way and I will bring your dreams to life."
"3038" "I've been waiting
For you to say the words
As we sail across the universe
Entertaining
You bring me to a stare
As you wave your heart into the air
I walk away
And play it safe
It's strange
How it works
Take your vices
And throw them in the drain
While you're laughin' in the pouring rain
Are you sorry?
Well can you find the words?
You just say the lines that you've rehearsed
I'll walk away
And play it safe like you
I just walk away and play it cool
It's strange
How it works
Just walk away and play it cool
It's strange
How it works"
"3039" "From the haze in your chambers
To the legs on the stage
I'm consumed by your danger
I can lose my restraint yeah
I can take you even further
Oh yeah I
I'll let you enter
From the stage
We shoot our guns
Then we sail off into the sun
While the cold world freezes on
The view from the trails from the vapors
That we burn from a kiss
Heats the stars that we strangle
And it's proof we exist
I can take you even further
Oh yeah I
I'll let you enter
From the stage
We shoot our guns
Then we sail off into the sun
While the cold world freezes on"
"3040" "In the way,
A shoebox and a lamp shade
A silver can't cascade,
A mother's trust for eternity
In the way,
A shoebox and a lamp shade
A silver can't cascade,
A mother's trust for eternity"
"3041" "You hang there on the wall
You've carved out your place
But I can tell you shake from inside
I see it all the time
The feel is always there
Just frozen in your mind from inside
I wasn't gonna play it tonight
But I can't help it
The feelings alive
As long as you play my game
I'll let you win
Before your entrance wave
Before we play this game
I like to feel you break from inside
You're gold and pink inside
And it's showing through your stare
It's frozen us in time from inside
I wasn't gonna play it tonight
But I can't help it
The feelings alive
As long as you play my game
I'll let you win
Come play my game
I'll let you win
I wasn't gonna play it tonight
But I can't help it
The feelings alive
As long as you play my game
I'll let you win"
"3042" "I dream a day that god will surface
To retrieve his nails and open your heart.
You'll say you're mine for the ages
Just open your heart and say
\"I swear on the cross\"
Can you promise this to the grave you'll take my name?
Can you promise me?
Overseas and over mountains
A thousand years I've waited for her
To say the lines \"from this day forward\"
Just open your heart and say
\"I swear on the cross\"
Can you promise that to the grave you'll take my name?
Can you promise me?
All this time I've prayed for this day to come true,
No one knows how deep the waves we waded through.
I wish I could take your hand and make it true.
Cause no one knows how far apart we've stayed to get through.
I wish I could take your hand and make it true.
Cause no one knows how far apart we stay to get through.
Can you say \"I swear on the cross\"
Can you promise that to the grave you'll take my name?
Can you promise me?"
"3043" "It's a strange day
The roses are in bloom
But in a strange way
I know somehow we're doomed
Look around through the town
Not a soul to be found
In silence, not a sound
There's no one around but you
In the back of the car
On our way from the bar
In silence, here we are
Reminding us we're doomed
We'll get sad it's time we've come to the end
We've circled around our doom
And I won't stop, not till I get what I want
And all that I want is you
In a strange place
When the sun goes down, we move
Into a strange phase
Like we've got nothing left to lose
So we slip through the town
With our heads in the clouds
In silence, not a sound
For miles and miles around
Fall asleep in the park
Underneath all the stars
In silence, here we are
Reminded of how we're doomed
Get sad it's time we've come to the end
We've circled around our doom
Yeah, I won't stop, not till I get what I want
And all that I want is you
It's you
All that I want is you
Yeah, you
All that I want is you
So get sad it's we come to the end
We've circled around our doom
Yeah, I won't stop, not till I get what I want
And all that I want is you
Now get sad it's time we've come to the end
We've circled around our doom
Yeah, I won't stop, not till I get what I want
'Cause all that I want is you"
"3044" "How come you never rest your tongue?
How do you ever expect to learn?
I know you want to chase it
But don't want to break your stride
I know you want to taste it
But don't want to waste your mind
I know you want to try it
so go and dive in
Taste it, like it
They've got you so excited
You want to climb in
Taste the violence
Between the razors and the hooks
And from the blood that you cough up
I see you want a taste,
But don't want to wreck your life
I think you know the game,
So go ahead and take a bite
I know you want to try it,
so go and dive in
Taste it, like it
They've got you so excited,
You want to climb in
Taste the violence"
"3045" "I can live inside your golden gates
I fell into another state
High inside your all is left
I give into you all the way
I follow you into the light
I follow you into the light
I can live inside your golden gates
I fell into another state
High inside your holiness
I give into you all the way
I follow you into the light
I follow you into the light"
"3046" "Something's changed in your face I notice
A different sparkle in those crazy eyes
Your unmistakable charade I know it
Always tricks me every time.
A million tears, a trillion times
I've seen that glaze and glitch in your eyes.
This is a trick
Hello, hello, I know
What this really is
I know hello, hello, hello
What's the matter with the transformation?
What you've been practicing for days and nights.
While I'm watching the creation of this
awful creature that no one likes.
A million tears, a trillion times
I've seen that glaze and glitch in your eyes.
This is a trick
Hello, hello, I know
What this really is
I know hello, hello
This is a trick
Hello, hello, I know
What this really is
I know hello, hello.
I'm so excited I can hardly take it.
This is a trick
Hello, hello, I know
What it really is
I know hello, hello,
It's just a trick
Hello, hello, I know
What it really is
I know hello, hello"
"3047" "When the sun goes down
I go out from the pages.
I pop the balloon you sailed across
and tip from the bottom of trees.
From the inside of the way
I start the illusion that escapes.
You didn't have to run, stop run
Just keep me where I want.
You knew how good it felt to be home.
Very soon we'll be erased.
Forget how to count tense we used.
Then realize that, oh God,
you were not aware that I was in love with you.
You didn't have to run, stop run
Just keep me where I want.
We're frozen. Yeah, we're frozen.
You knew how good it felt to be home."
"3048" ""
"3049" "Live reckless is fun, new spirit, check it
My suggestion if you'd like to hear
Hit records for the cool kids
No exception - take it or leave it
I never thought that this could happen to me
You never thought that this would happen, did you?
One second it's the same track
I recognize that pretty chop or bridge
Black stallion is the lifestyle
No exception, baby, all of it
I never thought that this could happen to me
You never thought that this would happen, did you?
I like how you move to the music, it's easy to like
Cause baby you're born to be famous, with your name in lights
I never thought that this could happen to me
You never thought that this would happen, did you?"
"3050" "Here on this stainless table
I come inside you and haunt your dreams
Baby I don't mind, you can fake it
But I don't mind, come away with me.
You make a godly servant
Protect your bible between your knees
Baby I won't mind, let me play with it
I don't mind, run away with it.
The funeral party favorite
I'm the ghost in the human shape
Baby I don't mind if you play with me
I don't mind, run away with me.
We'll drink from the waves and feel our souls,
Fall asleep on the graves and seal our souls.
Get drunk on the waves, reveal our souls
Fall asleep on the graves and seal our souls
I know when the angel calls you
You'll cross your fingers then fall asleep
Baby I don't mind if you play with me
I don't mind, come away with me
We'll drink from the waves and feel our souls,
We'll fall asleep on the graves and seal our souls.
Get drunk on the waves, reveal our souls
We fall asleep on the graves and seal our souls."
"3051" "As the moon ascends
The wolves come out to see the end
They hide from view and wait
To watch the ghost inside you come awake
And when the shots go off, you hear them call
My heart is racing just to see it all
To watch you crawl out of your changing shape
Take all your breath and watch it come awake
From the flames of the fire,
I feel you crawling to my bed
Throwing shapes at the sky,
I watch you crying to me
With your knees open
I display you, taunt the beast again
'cause when you move and shake
That thing inside you comes awake
As you dance against the breathing wall
My claws are out, I want to feel it all
Feel it crawl inside you, changing shape
Take out your breath and feel you come awake
From the flames of the fire,
I feel you crawling to my bed
Throwing shapes at the sky,
I watch you crying to me
Say something, pray for something
Say something, pray to something
Say something, pray to something
Say something, pray to something
Say
(from the flames of the fire
I watch you crawling to me)
From the flames of the fire,
I feel you crawling to my bed
Throwing shapes at the sky,
I watch you crying to me
Say something! pray for something!
Say something! pray to something!
Say"
"3052" "Lightning spoke to the wind, \"The devil's in me today, my friend
Do you see that old oak tree down yonder?
Blow like hell and bring down thunder
When your raging's through, I'll cut that oak in two\"
The wind began to moan, the old oak tree began to groan
Thunder raged like hell's own daughter
The air was filled with fire and water
Laughing viciously, lightning struck that tree
The old oak tree began to shudder
But he held his ground like some old soldier
His ancient pride was burnt and shaken
But something deep inside did waken
He raised his limbs just like Moses
And blossomed roses
He blossomed roses
He blossomed roses
The sky is clear, the air is clean
The earth is brown, the forest green
The ancient oak he still is standing
With strength surpassing understanding
Like dreams a noble mind composes, he blossoms roses
He blossoms roses, roses, roses, roses"
"3053" "It was in the morning papers, the evening papers too
And I saw it on TV, so I know it must be true
This is no idle rumor, they've got the cold hard facts
They've even checked it out on little mice and rats
Just in case you haven't heard, I'll give you the bad news
Love's been linked to the blues
You start out feeling happy but then love brings you down
You're acting like a hero; you end up like a clown
In study after study, it's the heart that gets broke
They're working 'round the clock searching for the antidote
Well, it's true that it's sad,but it's sadder that it's true
Love's been linked to the blues
So you've got to be real careful and always on your guard
Falling in love, you know, it's harmful to your heart
It's worse than they suspected, it's as bad as it gets
The surgeon general says, \"You're better off with cigarettes\"
If you must have your bad habits
Why don't you stick to booze
'Cause love's been linked to the blues?
Well, it's true that its sad, but it's sadder that it's true
Love's been linked to the blues"
"3054" "Not enough colors in the world, thought I would invent some
Or fade to black, jump-cut to alone, cross-fade to emotion
[Oooh]
If it hurts, then baby you're all I need
I'm thinking reality could make it- make it complete
If it hurts, then baby you're all I need
I'm thinking reality could make it- make it complete
Not afraid to show myself the truth, to see what I've been missing
But then again, that midnight I was in was so much more appealing...
[ooh]
If it hurts, then baby you're all I need
I'm thinking reality could make it- make it complete
If it hurts then baby you're all I need
I'm thinking reality could make it- make it complete..."
"3055" "Feeble bones took me to a valuable weakness
There's no comfort in silence
No real violence in words
So I, sharpened my blade and bowed my head before I ceased and desisted
And though my stomach was a ball of resistance
I went straight for the course
With burns on the backs of my palms
Will I regret my cause? or revel in my thoughts?
I'm caught in the winds of remorse
'Cause everybody knows
What good is a sword, next to a shotgun
What good is a sword, next to a shotgun
What good is a sword, next to a shotgun
How did I get stuck in this valiant position
When either I'll survive for an instant
Or cradle the earth?
My God forsaken, weakened pulse, I knew I had to amend this
Though I never was a force to be reckoned, or
A sight to behold
With burns on the backs of my palms
Will I regret my cause? or revel in my thoughts?
I'm caught in the winds of remorse
Cause everybody knows
What good is a sword, next to a shotgun
What good is a sword, next to a shotgun
What good is a sword, next to a shotgun
Am I biting the bullet alone?
Oh I know that I'd rather be bold
(What good is a sword, next to a shotgun)
And we're biting the bullet alone
Oh I know that I'd rather be bold
(What good is a sword, next to a shotgun)
Am I biting the bullet alone?
Oh I know that I'd rather be bold
(What good is a sword, next to a shotgun)"
"3056" "Black dust in orbit
Cascades down like a parachute
Bricks on my shoulders
This gravity hurts when you know the truth
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
We dreamt like martyrs
I never thought I was bold enough
You pushed me further
And I take the blame for the both of us
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Oh, Universe, hold me up
Tried your best, is it ever enough
When it's already dragging me down?
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own"
"3057" "Find me
What I'm missing?
What am I missing?
Find me skipping stones, yeah, washed up rocks
Holding out for something I can't force
What am I missing?
Oh, baby, what am I missing?
Where's the peace of mind
I was told, I was told, I was told
I'd begin it
Feeling compromised
Like I was born in a league of my own
But I'm sinking
So find me skipping stones, yeah, washed up rocks
Holding out for something I can't force
What am I missing?
Oh, baby, what am I missing?
I've gone for miles and miles in search of right direction
I long to figure out, but I keep on forgetting
All of the lessons that I've learned
How many bridges have I burned?
When did I go missing, somewhere in the distance?
Find me skipping stones, yeah, washed up rocks
Holding out for something I can't force
What am I missing?
Oh, what am I missing?
Woah, girl
Feeling
Somber
Say it to me, say it now!"
"3058" ""
"3059" ""
"3060" "I've been talking to myself lately
I'm asking for advice, oh
I've been slowly loosening my grip on this reality
Tongue-tied, the dominoes break
So won't you lend me your faith?
I've been talking to myself lately, ooh
I've been talking to myself, ooh
Earthbound, and scatter-brained
Can I thrive on pocket change?
I've been talking to myself lately, ooh
I've been whispering to ghosts lately
I'm begging for more time, oh
Before I'm buried deeper in the trenches of insanity
Oh, feed me a piece of my mind
I've been talking to myself lately, ooh
I've been talking to myself, ooh
Earthbound and scatter-brained
Can I thrive on pocket change?
I've been talking to myself lately, ooh
Oh, how'd my own molecules forsake me?
Atoms chained behind my back
I should be bold, I should be bold in my logic and reasoning
But I just calculate my intentions
I hope that won't follow me to my old age
I'm a moss-covered stone on a foothill
And I'm tumbling, tumbling
I've been talking to myself lately, ooh
I've been talking to myself, ooh
Earthbound and scatter-brained
Can I thrive on pocket change?
I've been talking to myself lately, ooh"
"3061" "Black dust in orbit
Cascades down like a parachute
Bricks on my shoulders
This gravity hurts when you know the truth
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
We dreamt like martyrs
I never thought I was bold enough
You pushed me further
And I take the blame for the both of us
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Oh, Universe, hold me up
Tried your best, is it ever enough
When it's already dragging me down?
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own"
"3062" "I'm a headless horseman on quilted sand dunes
With my neck wide open, I pray for refuge
'Cause since I've been found I've been living a life in cages
Withering down to the champagne quicksand
Wrestling doubt I've been dragging around for ages
I tried to let it drain but my veins are hopeless
'Cause I loved in cold blood and got used to it
Angels say trust the detox
But I'm shaking I need it like bourbon in my coffee cup
I'm a tritone bible with misprint logic
I count lunar cycles with faithless prophets
'Cause since I've been found I've been living a life in cages
Withering down to the champagne quicksand
Wrestling doubt I've been dragging around for ages
I tried to let it drain but my veins are hopeless
'Cause I loved in cold blood and got used to it
Angels say trust the detox
But I'm shaking I need it like bourbon in my coffee cup
I'm a mountainless valley
Never comforted crashing
I'm just another stone on broken walls
Racing the winds in a hurricane
I'm not as brave as I once was
I've been kicking these rocks in a river
And they've been sinking low, low, low, low, low
Low, low, low, low, low
Oh they've been going low, low, low, low, low
Low, low, low, low, low
I mean, I lied, how long?
'Cause they've been sinking low, low, low, low, low
Low, low, low, low, low
Won't keep a promise I can't make
'Cause I've been going low, low, low, low, low
Low, low, low, low, low
'Cause I loved in cold blood and got used to it
Angels say trust the detox
But I'm shaking I need it like bourbon in my coffee cup
Low, low, low, low, low
We've been going low, low, low, low, low
Low, low, low, low, low
Going low, low, low, low, low
Low, low, low, low, low"
"3063" "Black dust in orbit
Cascades down like a parachute
Bricks on my shoulders
This gravity hurts when you know the truth
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
We dreamt like martyrs
I never thought I was bold enough
You pushed me further
And I take the blame for the both of us
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Oh, Universe, hold me up
Tried your best, is it ever enough
When it's already dragging me down?
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own"
"3064" "Black dust in orbit
Cascades down like a parachute
Bricks on my shoulders
This gravity hurts when you know the truth
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
We dreamt like martyrs
I never thought I was bold enough
You pushed me further
And I take the blame for the both of us
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Oh, Universe, hold me up
Tried your best, is it ever enough
When it's already dragging me down?
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own"
"3065" "Black dust in orbit
Cascades down like a parachute
Bricks on my shoulders
This gravity hurts when you know the truth
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
We dreamt like martyrs
I never thought I was bold enough
You pushed me further
And I take the blame for the both of us
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Oh, Universe, hold me up
Tried your best, is it ever enough
When it's already dragging me down?
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own"
"3066" "Suicide
All the heartbreak hit like suicide, hey
You was right
You was right to point the finger
At my guilty eyes, hey
But tell me if you want me to
Put my pride in check so I can make it up to you, babe
If you want
I can make your body tremble
If you want to
If you want
I can make a magic potion
If you want to revive
No one has to know (ooh)
No one has to know (ooh)
No no no no, no"
"3067" "If I'm drowning won't you take me to the waterfall?
Lay stones in front of those banks
And keep me underwater til' I'm breathing
Throw me in the fire til' I'm frozen
Frozen frozen frozen
Teach me til' I don't know what I'm doing
Why don't we open up sometime?
Sell me that gold in your veins
I want your fortress next to mine
Every nightmare on your plate
Can I trust that you won't mind
My sanity slipping away
Ooh baby, why don't we open up?
If you're thirsty, let me lead you to the Maranjab
Plant trees in spite of those rays
And leave you in the sun until you're soaking
Throw you in the fire til' you're frozen
Frozen frozen frozen
Teach you til' you don't know what you do
Why don't we open up sometime?
Sell me that gold in your veins
I want your fortress next to mine
Every nightmare on your plate
Can I trust that you won't mind
My sanity slipping away
Ooh baby, why don't we open up?
Let's be the last ones
Why don't we open up sometime?
My sanity slipping away
Why don't we open up sometime?
Sell me that gold in your veins
I want your fortress next to mine
Every nightmare on your plate
Can I trust that you won't mind
My sanity slipping away
Ooh baby, why don't we open up?
Why don't we open up?
Why don't we open up?
Why don't we open up?"
"3068" "Give me more than God in a courtroom
More than broken glass in my house shoes
More, more, more, more
The money on a bet that you wanna lose, babe
Quit taking your time making time feel better
Sell me something I can use to catapult my value
Treat me like the cardinal anointed in my vessels
And any time I bite the hand that feeds
Won't you lie through your teeth and
Tell me I'm a monument to more than bone and tissue?
Give me more than rocks in a windshield
More than kerosene in a minefield
More, more, more, more
Than strangers telling me what I want to hear
Instead of spending all your days making days feel shorter, just
Sell me something I can use to catapult my value
Treat me like the cardinal anointed in my vessels
And any time I bite the hand that feeds
Won't you lie through your teeth and
Tell me I'm a monument to more than bone and tissue?
If I falter on my oaths
Will it prove I'm more than skin and bones?
If I falter on my oaths
Will it prove I'm more than skin and bones?
Sell me something I can use to catapult my value
Treat me like the cardinal anointed in my vessels
And any time I bite the hand that feeds
Won't you lie through your teeth and
Tell me I'm a monument to more than bone and tissue?"
"3069" "We built a glass monastery
Over the fault lines
Traded our lives for a living
In the shade of fallen shrines
You wrote your name in the static
Ten thousand gray dots
Couldn't decipher your message
Oh, but I felt the violet noise
And the white lies, I'm fading
'Til my mouth dries, I'm praying
I can hold my liquor like the saints do
I'm counting, I'm counting on you
I'm counting on you
I'm counting on you
Hey, I'm counting on, I'm counting on you
I lost my pride in the crater, hey
And ancient coal mines
Emulsified in dishonor
I just couldn't keep myself alive
In the white lies, I'm fading
'Til my mouth dries, I'm praying
I can hold my liquor like the saints do
I'm counting, I'm counting on you
I'm counting on you
Oh, I'm counting on you
Oh, I'm counting on, I'm counting on you
Oh I never, no I never, never thought we'd live in churches
And I never, no I never, no I never meant to see them burn
And I know you didn't, know you didn't, no, you didn't deserve it, hey but
Now I'm, I'm counting, I'm counting on you
Oh no, babe
I can hold my liquor like the saints do
Just like they do
I'm counting, I'm counting on you
And the white lies, I'm fading
'Til my mouth dries, I'm praying
I can hold my liquor like the saints do
I'm counting, I'm counting on you
I'm counting on you
Oh, I'm counting on you
Hey, I'm counting on, I'm counting on you"
"3070" "So inconsistent with my passion that I threw it all out
I took it from you
You
So apathetic with the forces that I burned them all out
I took it from you, you
So when the water's rushing close
I'll find you near the edge and save you from the meso
Should've known you were gonna find out
You're gonna find out but
Is it worth the episode
Is it worth the episode, oh no
Walking through the door alone
Is it worth the episode, oh no
So covered up in all the fire that I never looked back
I took it from you, you
So agitated from the shadows, can I take it all back, baby
I took it from you, you
Oh, all your pretty mind wants
Is atoms for my bones and ashes for my thoughts
Oh, should've known you were gonna find out
I knew you'd find out but
Is it worth the episode
Is it worth the episode, oh no
Walking through the door alone
Is it worth the episode, oh no
Should've known you were gonna find out
I knew you'd find out but
Is it worth the episode
Is it worth the episode, hey
Walking through the door alone, no
Is it worth the episode, no
Oh
Oh, oh no
Oh
Oh, oh yeah
Is it worth the episode
Is it worth the episode, oh no
Walking through the door alone
Is it worth the episode, oh no
Should've known you were gonna find out
(Should've known you were gonna find out)
Should've known you were gonna find out
(I knew you'd find out)"
"3071" "Black dust in orbit
Cascades down like a parachute
Bricks on my shoulders
This gravity hurts when you know the truth
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
We dreamt like martyrs
I never thought I was bold enough
You pushed me further
And I take the blame for the both of us
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Oh, Universe, hold me up
Tried your best, is it ever enough
When it's already dragging me down?
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own"
"3072" "Black dust in orbit
Cascades down like a parachute
Bricks on my shoulders
This gravity hurts when you know the truth
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
We dreamt like martyrs
I never thought I was bold enough
You pushed me further
And I take the blame for the both of us
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Oh, Universe, hold me up
Tried your best, is it ever enough
When it's already dragging me down?
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own"
"3073" "Black dust in orbit
Cascades down like a parachute
Bricks on my shoulders
This gravity hurts when you know the truth
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
We dreamt like martyrs
I never thought I was bold enough
You pushed me further
And I take the blame for the both of us
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Oh, Universe, hold me up
Tried your best, is it ever enough
When it's already dragging me down?
I'm pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own
Pulling my weight in gold
Call me anxious, call me broke
But I can't lift this on my own"
"3074" "There was a car crash
Out on the highway
And I was the only survivor
I made it out alive
So I fled the wreckage
and called in the accident
With hopes to save the people
Still trapped inside
My Lucia
I'll try and save you
But my attempts did fail
On and on
I see her face and wonder
If I could have saved her
On and on
On and on
She's a ghost to me now
and she's never coming back
There lay the victims
In the back of the ambulance
As if there is something
The doctor's can do, to save them
So I'll cry for mercy
At this horrific day
But no god above
Can change the truthfulness
In fate
Try to be kind
Tell me it's fine
But I know that it's not
Give me some time
Lucy I'll try
To fix my mistakes"
"3075" "I'll take your photo in my hand
Turn it up and inside out
Till there's nothing in between
I wish that could be me
You look fine together
I'll run in circles in my head
And base my thoughts on
What you've said
That I could never be like him
I could never play the part
You work well together
If you say that you know me
You never knew me at all
So I'll rewrite the story
So they won't ever find me
and we'll fall together
I'll sing again, I'll sing out loud
I'll do my best to please the crowd
My vocals cracked and in repair
The notes are frayed, torn to tear
Go without me"
"3076" "So, I hear it's cold
Up in Chicago
But I wouldn't know
You, told all your friends
That I was no good
and you banished me from
Does it hurt to be alone
You will never know
When You're Gone
I'll be fine
Close my eyes (2x)
So, you bought a house
I heard he's a lawyer
and your parents approve
Do you love him? (2x)
Does it hurt to be alone
You will never know
I could be the one for you
and you could be the one for me
and we could
When You're Gone
I'll be fine, close my eyes
So, I hear it's cold
Up in Chicago
Do you love him?"
"3077" "I'm sorry Mrs. Davenport
I broke your daughter's heart in two
And I swear I'll pay for it
But I was just a child then
When you caught me that day
At the scene of her demise
You make it easy, to say goodbye for good
You make it easy, to say goodbye to you
I never meant to do it
It never should have gone like that
I'll never speak for you"
"3078" "Board a train, take it east
Find myself again
Western winds drove me there
Lonely stars, take me back home
I chased a dream, I read about
In a magazine
And lost myself, in the dark
Lonely stars, Take me back home
Someday I'll find
A truth in this life
Till then
When I go, leave me be
Let me find my peace
Coastal town, summer skin
Lonely stars, Take me back home"
"3079" "Told my friends that I've had too much
Take me home and to lock me up
I'm a threat and I've had enough
Wait, just wait
Then they bathe me in a crown of thorns
As if the night had not been hard on us
As I make comfort of the bathroom floor
Wait, just wait
Why am I an Honest Man?
if I can't get a dollar for my pain
Why am I an Honest Man?
If I can't waste a minute on your name
Why am I an Honest Man?
If the world's going to knock me on my face
Why am I an Honest Man?
If I can't get a dollar for my pain
This is how I wish the end could be
FIlled with torment and dirty dreams
As the room keeps spinning round me
Stay, just stay"
"3080" "I'm heading down to Mexico
In a stolen car from Chicago
and I don't think I'll ever make it back
They claimed I shot a man up there
in a drunken bar, smoke in the air
But I've never even met that man before
Don't runaway, you've got bills to pay
And a family to protect from the law
But I must move on or else I'm gone
My family will be fine without me here
They don't need me anymore
I read the Ginsberg apathy
and drank like Charles Bukowski
But never lived a life on the run
Oh it's scary here on my own
Fleeing death on the open road
I hope I make it out alive
I made it to the border
A fugitive of fame
A half a tank of gas to my name
A family in the states
I never will forget
But I don't think they even know my name"
"3081" "I watched you unfold
In front of my eyes
As the drugs you were taking
Claimed your life
If I had a ladder
up to the sky
I'd climb up to reach you
wherever you are
I want you to know
the world it means nothing
If I can't share it with you
You fell to your tomb
and sank in your sleep
Called out for help
No one could see
The world it means nothing
If I can't share it with you"
"3082" ""
"3083" "Diamond rivers run in streaks
Down my lover's cheeks
They run for weeks
Cut so deep
Tell my lover I'm at peace
Now that he sleeps
Forever sleeps
I feel the breeze
Blow through me
In a slow eddy
I'm not ready to leave
Carrie
Carrie
Mary
Your Emily"
"3084" "Bluebird blue
flew by caught my eye
and I fell in love with blue
don't know what to do
sweet song lead me on
I just want to follow you
oh, blue
mmm
Walked down to the edge of the wood
I know I shouldn't go
but it makes me feel so good
tall leaves cover me in
and you sing me, dee-de-dee
I feel so understood
falling so deep
to a warm summer sleep
caught in a rhyme, losing track of the time
no direction to find
Bluebird blue
stay here I know you're near
I just wanna be wit you
don't know what to do
Your song is sweet I forget my feet
won't you let me dance with you
oh blue
mmm
Take in your flight
on a warm summer night
fly back to me
I'll forgive every need
just a tangle in the weeds
bluebird blue
flew by caught my eye
and I fell in love in you
oh, blue
mmm"
"3085" ""
"3086" "I don't love, I just give up
Not gonna try to understand
Give it way every day
I don't think I'm gonna understand
Uh, getting out of hand
Don't you want to love me all over again?
Uh, coming over me
Don't you want to see me mistreat me?
Try to make a fire burn again
Bless my soul, I fill my bowl
Not gonna try to understand
I wait for time, an easy mind
Don't think I'm gonna understand
Uh, getting out of hand
Don't you want to love me all over again?
Uh, coming over me
Don't you want to see me mistreat me?"
"3087" ""
"3088" ""
"3089" ""
"3090" "Lord please, follow me home
Cause I'm down on my knees and I feel alone
Home, got nowhere to call home
No one to call home
When I'm out on the town I get what I need
No one waiting around for this tumble weed
at home
Got nowhere to call home
No one to call me home
They tell me my time will come and my soul will rise
over shadow and stone, The final surprise
Home
Won't somebody take me home
I wanna go home"
"3091" ""
"3092" "I'm so sorry
I've been in love before and it let me down
Now I'm all grown up no turning back girl
Like a child's heart a play
you know the things we used to say
(you remember baby)
When we were in love we made
(Chorus)
Promises, promises we don't keep
Promises, promises we can't eat nor sleep
Promises, promises we don't keep
Promises, promises we can't eat nor sleep
Girl when you broke out, I thought life would end
Now I'm all strung out
Try'na pick up the pieces once again
It seems no matter what I do
Bad luck has been my best friend
All of the things you used to say
They are just promises
Promises, promises we don't keep
Promises, promises we can't eat nor sleep
Promises, promises we don't keep
Promises, promises we can't eat nor sleep
Memories are the only things
That keeps me holding on, holding on yeah
Remember loving you
All night long
Promises, promises we don't keep
Promises, promises we can't eat nor sleep
Promises, promises we don't keep
Promises, promises we can't eat nor sleep
(Music Break)
Promises, promises we don't keep
Promises, promises we can't eat nor sleep
Promises, promises we don't keep
Promises, promises we can't eat nor sleep
It seems no matter what I do
Bad luck has my best friend
Not to me those words you say
They are just promises
Promises, promises we don't keep
Promises, promises we can't eat nor sleep
Promises, promises we don't keep
Promises, promises we can't eat nor sleep
Promises, promises we don't keep
Promises, promises we can't eat nor sleep
Promises, promises we don't keep
Promises, promises we can't eat nor sleep"
"3093" "Everything u do just turns me on
Every little thing u do
It turns me on, oh yeah
And every little thing you say
It makes me wanna stay another day, another day
Sexy thing, tell me do
You want to go with me tonight
'Cause in my mind, I see romantic places
Candlelight, champagne on ice
It's the way you move me
It's the way you groove me
It's the way you do me
That keeps me coming home
It's the way you move me
It's the way you groove me
It's the way you do me
That keeps me coming home
Every little thing u do
It turns me on, oh yeah
And every little thing you say
It makes me wanna stay another day, another day
Sugar, it's on my mind
And everyday my heart beats for you
You're my angel, sometimes in disguise
And that's what really does me wise
It's the way you move me
It's the way you groove me
It's the way you do me
That keeps me coming home
It's the way you move me
It's the way you groove me
It's the way you do me
That keeps me coming home
Every little thing u do
It turns me on, oh yeah
And every little thing you say
It makes me wanna stay another day, another day
Every little thing u do
It turns me on, oh, yeah
And every little thing you say
It makes me wanna stay another day, another day
Every little thing u do
It turns me on, oh, yeah
And every little thing you say
It makes me wanna stay another day, another day
Every little thing u do
It turns me on, oh, yeah
And every little thing you say"
"3094" "I almost turned and walked away
But there are words in me that I have to say
You fill the empty space in my heart
You came out of nowhere to rescue me
Now I have a reason to give the best of me
[Chorus]
And I'm learning to love again
Starting out as friends
When I need someone to console me
On you, I can depend
I'm learning to love again
Finally my heart's beginning to mend
And I'm learning to love again
I must admit, I was so afraid
Don't know if my heart could take another break
You came and chased the clouds away
(Chased the clouds away)
You tell me that I don't have to be lonely
You tell me that you'll be there to hold me
[Chorus]
I'm learning to love again
Finally my heart's beginning to mend
And I'm learning to love again
I'm learning to love again
Starting out as friends
When I need someone to console me
On you, I can depend
I'm learning to love again
Finally my heart's beginning to mend
I'm learning to love, I'm learning to love
I'm learning to love, love again
All over again"
"3095" "Leave a message at the tone
Yo, pick up the phone, it's me
Pick up the phone
You heard me
Oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, oh, yeah, honey, sugar, yeah
Baby, what's going on
I know you're home, pick up the phone
Lately I've been acting strange
I'm so sorry, please listen to me
I get that feeling when I look in your eyes
I get emotions that I can't hide
Girl, your all that I need
Baby, please just believe that it's right tonight, yeah, yeah
Let's get right
I want you so much
Let's get right
I think I love you
Let's get right
See, I don't wanna do you wrong
Can you understand, oh baby, oh yeah
Now you know how hard it is for a man to make it
And I'm trying to do the best that I can
Baby, I know I was wrong
I'm so sorry, please forgive me
'Cause I can't live without you, I would never doubt you
Forever we'll stay together, yeah
I could never see, I could never love
Nobody but you for me
Let's get right
Yeah, I need your love, yeah
Let's get right
I think I love you, oh, yeah
Let's get right
I don't wanna, I don't wanna lose your love
Can you understand that
I love, I love, I love
I love you, baby, let's get right
I love you, baby, let's get right
I love you, baby, let's get right
That's all and me, oh girl
You are the sunshine of my life
You make happy days
Let's get right
Let's get right, let's get right
Let's get right
I need your love, baby
Let's get right
And I don't wanna, never lose your love
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Let's get right
Let's get right tonight
Let's get right
Everything will be alright
Let's get right
Let's get right tonight
Everything will be alright
Let's get right
Let's get right tonight
Let's get right
Everything will be alright
Let's get right
Let's get right tonight
Let's get right
Everything will be alright
Let's get right
Let's get right tonight
Let's get right
Everything will be alright
Let's get right
Let's get right tonight
Let's get right
Everything will be alright
Let's get right
Let's get right tonight
Let's get right
Everything will be alright
Let's get right
Let's get right tonight
Let's get right
Everything will be alright
Let's get right
Let's get right
Let's get right
Let's get right
Let's get right"
"3096" "No puedo remediar el suffrimiento que ah causado esta separacion mi vida se ah quedado en un lamento de tristesa y desesperacion la gente sin saber continuamente me pregunta que ah sido de ti dicimulo sonreir nada les puedo decir y asi mientras el tiempo va pasando, va creciendo esta tristeza en mi, me muero por tenerte entre mis brazos pero hasta tu guella perdi, comprendo de lo poco que yo soy sin tu querer entre estas lagrimas, que nunca se apagaran, hasta que las seques tu,
Hablame, si vieras cuanto bien me haria oir tu voz, haslo ya, si quiero unas palabras y despues adios, el alma se me esta haciendo pedasos y te juro que mas nada puedo hacer, llorando este es el peor de mis fracasos No quiero ver sin TI el amaneceeeer,
HAY PRIMO! Y COMO LA EXTRANO, Y PURO ATARDECER COMPA!!!
HA HA HAY!! eso es
y asi mientras el tiempo va pasando, va creciendo esta tristeza en mi, me muero por tenerte entre mis brazos pero hasta tu guella perdi, comprendo de lo poco que yo soy sin tu querer entre estas lagrimas, que nunca se apagaran, hasta que las seques tu,"
"3097" "Yo lo present que en poco tiempo tu quisieras terminar Dios lo quiso as Entonces no hay problema No Voy a Llorar. Que ser de m o acaso soy el prisionero de un error que vivi de ti y que t solo le rompiste el corazn.
Y No Voy a Llorar cuando te vea partir tratare de borrar esa desilusin que dejaras en mi pero lo juro por Dios que No Voy a Llorar. Si te quieres marchar yo no voy a impedir tus sueos de volar aun mundo mas feliz con nubes de cristal dejando lo que yo guardaba para ti.
Ya me haban dicho que el amor era as yo no se porque no quise escuchar Hoy te alejas y me toca vivir la experiencia mas amarga quizs. Ya me haban dicho que el amor era as yo no se porque no quise escuchar Hoy entiendo que la triste verdad que el querer esta amarado al sufrir y el sufrir envuelto en la soledad.
Un amanecer talvez una maana hermosa volvers por el que alguna vez te dars cuenta que me amaste de verdad. Y tarde ser porque si t te vas yo no te esperare si me doler pero puedo esperar a que t quieras volver. Y entonces volvers recordando el amor que tu queras dejar y sentirs dolor le preguntaras a Dios, Seor en donde esta si yo era su ilusin.
Llorando buscaras refugio en otro amor y entonces volvern momentos de pasin que me conmovern pero lo juro que No Voy a Llorar.
Ya me haban dicho que el amor era as yo no se porque no quise escuchar Hoy te alejas y me toca vivir la experiencia mas amarga quizs. Ya me haban dicho que el amor era as yo no se porque no quise escuchar Hoy encuentro que la triste verdad que el querer esta amarado al sufrir y el sufrir envuelto en la soledad."
"3098" ""
"3099" ""
"3100" ""
"3101" "ES QUE EL AMOR ES ASI, ASI, ASI,
HOY DEBES LLORAR.
COMO TE LLAMAS TU MUECA DE OJOS DE MIEL QUIEN SE ATREVIO A ROMPER TU CORAZON DE PAPEL, SECA TU LLANTO why VEN YO TE DARE VALOR SI ACEPTAS MI COMPAIA, SERE TU AMIGO FIEL HASTA VOLVERTE A VER CANTAR DE ALEGRIA why EL TIEMPO PASO, PASO, PASO, TU HERIDA PRONTO SANO why AQUELLA MUJER SE FUE SIN DECIRME UN ADIOS why AQUELLA MUJER SE FUE SIN DECIRME UN ADIOS SE FUE SIN SABER QUE COMO UN TONTO YO ME ENAMORE.
COMO TE LLAMAS TU ME DIJO ALGUNA MUJER QUIEN SE ATREVIO A ROMPER TU CORAZON DE PAPEL SECA TU LLANTO why VEN YO TE DARE VALOR SI ACEPTAS MI COMPAIA SERE TU AMIGO FIEL HASATA VOLVERTE A VER CANTAR DE ALEGRIA why EL TIEMPO PASO, PASO, PASO MI HERIDA NUNCA SANO why AQUELLA MUJER SE FUE SABIENDO QUE NUNCA TE OLVIDARE MUECA DE OJOS DE MIEL SE FUE SABIENDO QUE NUNCA TE OLVIDARE MUECA DE OJOS DE MIEL.
ES QUE EL AMOR ES ASI, ASI, ASI HOY DEBES LLORAR ES QUE EL AMOR ES ASI, ASI, ASI, MAANA REIR."
"3102" ""
"3103" "Voy a ser de cuenta
que no exististe
Tu de mi olvida
que un dia me viste
ya lo vez los dos
nos equivocamos
es mejor que otros
caminos sigamos
y que esta despedida
sea por bien de todos
inventare algun modo
para vivir sin ti
Te juro que nadie mas
te amara como yo
mas hoy por ti
mi pecho arde
por que me
duele decirte que
a ti eh llegado tarde
Aun que no te vuelva a ver
Quiero que sepas que hare
Por ti mi viaje sin boleto
Y en la distancia siempre seras
Mi eterno amor secreto
Te juro que nadie mas
te amara como yo
mas hoy por ti
mi pecho arde
por que me
duele decirte que
a ti eh llegado tarde
Aun que no te vuelva a ver
Quiero que sepas que hare
Por ti mi viaje sin boleto
Y en la distancia siempre seras
Mi eterno amor secreto"
"3104" ""
"3105" ""
"3106" "Decan que cargaba el diablo, mentiras no traba nada
Lo que traiba en su cintura era una pistola escuadra
Robaba y mataba gente porque as se diverta
Su cabeza tenia precio, Quincemil pesos vala
Juan Marta era aguerrido, temido por el gobierno
Sus rivales le teman como si fuera veneno
Su madrecita lloraba, lloraba y se los deca
Si me dieran libre a mijo, quincemil pesos dara
Ya no llores madrecita, no te ests atormentando
Que de cien vidas que debo, con una la estoy pagando
Ya no llores madrecita, ya no les ofrezcas nada
Que llegando aquel cerrito yo me rindo de la jornada
Esta noche con la luna
Y maana con el sol
Me van a quitar la vida sea por el amor de dios
Ya con esta me despido pero les dejo un a carta
Para que sigan cantando el corrido de Juan Marta"
"3107" ""
"3108" "Domingo Corrales,
montado a caballo,
cuidaba sus propiedades.
Era hombre ranchero,
de mucho dinero,
de aquellos hombres cabales.
Tena cinco establos,
bastante ganado,
y muchas tierras de riego.
Por eso temprano,
paseaba a caballo,
perdindose en sus terrenos.
Pero las mujeres,
fueron su desgracia,
quien iba a pensarlo,
que en una aventura,
Domingo Corrales,
la vida perdiera.
(:msica:)
Domingo Corrales,
andaba borracho,
las fiestas se celebraban,
Rayando el caballo,
frente de la plaza,
la gente se amontonaba.
La reina del pueblo,
llamada Gardenia,
al verla le haba gustado.
Y supo robarla,
con pistola en mano,
en ancas de su caballo.
Pero en un barranco,
cuando iban corriendo,
se fueron cayendo,
rodando y rondando,
los dos se mataron,
con todo y caballo."
"3109" "Volaron los pavoreales rumbo a la sierra mojada mataron a lucio vazquez, por una joven que amaba.
Eran las diez de la noche
Estaba Lucio cenando, llegaron unos amigos
Para invitarlo a un fanando
Su madre se lo decia, su padre con mas razon Hijo no vallas al baile
Me lo avisa el corazon
Aaaayyyyyy Hhhhhhaaaaahhhaaa!
Lucio te van a matar
Montaron en sus caballos rumbo a la sierra mojada cuando llegaron al baile
Ya su rival lo esperaba
Lo invitaron a unas copas Lucio no quiso aceptar
Se hicieron de unas palabras para salirse a pelear
Le dieron tres pualadas de la espalda al corazon
Como le decia su madre Lo mataron a traicion
Aaaaayyyyy Hhhaaaahhhaaahhaayyy!
Pobre Lucio!"
"3110" ""
"3111" "Tonto Corazon,
Ya no me causes mas dolor
Ya no seas necio corazon
Ya se olvido de nuestro amor.
Tonto Corazon,
Ahora tendremos que llorar
Se termino aquella ilusion
Ya no seas tonto corazon.
Muchos inviernos pasaran y tu y yo
Jamas felices volveremos a ser.
No es nada facil esta herida curar
Y ahora no quiero, no lo puedo evitar.
Sera dificil la derrota aceptar
Pero ya quiero dejar de pensar en su amor.
Tonto Corazon,
Ya no me causes mas dolor
Ya no seas necio corazon
Ya se olvido de nuestro amor.
Tonto Corazon,
Ahora tendremos que llorar
Se termino aquella ilusion
Ya no seas tonto corazon.
(musica)
Tonto Corazon,
Ya no me causes mas dolor
Ya no seas necio corazon
Ya se olvido de nuestro amor.
Tonto Corazon,
Ahora tendremos que llorar
Se termino aquella ilusion
Ya no seas tonto corazon.
Tal vez el tiempo nos ayude a olvidar
No guardaremos para ella rencor.
Pues esta vez nos a tocado perder
Ya nos reiremos corazon, como ayer.
Sera dificil la derrota aceptar
Pero ya quiero dejar de pensar en su amor.
Tonto Corazon,
Ya no me causes mas dolor
Ya no seas necio corazon
Ya se olvido de nuestro amor.
Tonto Corazon,
Ahora tendremos que llorar
Se termino aquella ilusion
Ya no seas tonto corazon.
Tonto Corazon,
Ya no me causes mas dolor
Ya no seas necio corazon
Ya se olvido de nuestro amor. (terminacion)"
"3112" ""
"3113" "Misa de cuerpo presente
Le estan resando en la iglesia
Al que murio por la espalda
Why siempre mato en defensa
no quiso oir a su madre
Cuando le dijo no vayas
Te han respetado de frente
Pero te buscan la espalda
ya estaba el cuarto tendido
En el camino aquel baile
Callo en la peor envoscada
Como le dijo su madre
cuando llevaron el cuerpo
Su madre dijo al momento
Dejenme sola con mi hijo
Why luego cerro por dentro
dice los que se asomaron
Que su madre muy valiente
Le dio de asotes al cuerpo
Dis que por desobediente
tambien dicen que los ojos
De aquel cuerpo sin sentido
Lloraba lagrimas gruesas
Como si estuviera vivo
dicen que con su pistola
Lo santiguo muchas veces
Luego la lleno de sangre
Why juro vengar su muerte
conrazon era valiente
En eso heredo a su madre
Ella no derramo llanto
Solo se puso a resarle"
"3114" "Me est sangrando el corazn Se derrumb... Con tu partida El tiempo ya se terminNo ava en mi Lo que queras Me parte el alma tu traicin Lamento ms T despedida Lloran mis ojos por tu adis Y la ilusin A que termina Sera que no supe sembrar en ti el amor y marchito
Quise cultivar un jardn de flores Y fueron espinas las que en ti encontr Me deje llevar por mis emociones Maldigo el momento en que te conoce Mis lgrimas terminaran Y te ver... Y te ver... Como me ves
Mi vida di sin condicin Y mira pues No la quisiste En mi dejaste un gran dolor Porque mi amor Porque te fuiste Sera que no supe sembrar en ti el amor y marchito
Quise cultivar un jardn de flores Y fueron espinas las que en ti encontr Me deje llevar por mis emociones Maldigo el momento en que te conoce Mis lgrimas terminaran Y te ver... Y te ver... Como me ves Mis lgrimas terminaran Y te ver... Y te ver... Como me ves"
"3115" "Escuchando el mormull de tu voz en mi odo Voy sintiendo tus dedos que recorren mi espalda Entre besos y carisias nos sorprende la maana Asiendo mil locuras t y yo en la cama
No me pidas mi nia que deje de soarte Sera tan imposible como dejar de amarte As prendido la llama de pasin sobre mi cuerpo Y entre ms te conozco Ms te dese
Por qu me dices que me amas como yo te amo Luego me dices que me extraas como yo te extrao Despus sonres de una forma que me enlcese Y yo muriendo de ganas por morder tus labios Por qu si no ests a mi lado ya nada me importa Es que la vida es aburrida cuando estas ausent Por eso quero que te quedes siempre a que conmigo Para entregare este amor que cada da es ms fuerte Cada da es ms fuerte Cada da ms fuerte
No me pidas mi nia que deje de soarte Sera tan imposible como dejar de amarte As prendido la llama de pasin sobre mi cuerpo Y entre ms te conozco Ms te dese
Por qu me dices que me amas como yo te amo Luego me dices que me extraas como yo te extrao Despus sonres de una forma que me enlcese Y yo muriendo de ganas por morder tus labios Por qu si no ests a mi lado ya nada me importa Es que la vida es aburrida cuando estas ausent Por eso quero que te quedes siempre a que conmigo Para entregare este amor que cada da es ms fuerte Cada da es ms fuerte Cada da es ms fuerte"
"3116" "Minteme Como asta ruita lo sigues a siendo Engame As me lo que t quieras Te sigo queriendo Aprovchate que hoy mi dignidad anda asta por los suelos Aprovecha y sigue aseando me llorar Te preguntare luego Porque despus sentirs lo que yo Vivirs en carne propia este dolor
Divirtete Con este juguete que es de carne y hueso Ensate Con este corazn que te quiere y por eso Por eso estoy dispuesto a tolerar Lo que me estas asando Pero despus sentirs lo que yo Lamentaras haber dejado un gran amor
S que vas a sufrir Y vas a llorar Cuando te veas perdida Y te vas arrastrar Apedare me perdn Por todo lo sucedido Lo siento amor Pues tarde ya ser Te toca a ti Y ya eres tu quien sufrir
Divirtete Con ese que ahora tienes alado de tu cama Y pdele Que por favor te trate como toda una dama Yo s que para l un juego sers Solo en las madrugadas Tambin s que en un tiempo extraaras Mis carisias sobradas Pero despus sentirs lo que yo Lamentaras haber dejado un buen amor
S que vas a sufrir Y vas a llorar Cuando te veas perdida Y te vas arrastrar Apedare me perdn Por todo lo sucedido Lo siento amor Pues tarde ya ser Te toca a ti Y ya eres tu quien sufrir"
"3117" "Disclpame Pero es que no puedo evitar sentirme as No andado bien No quiero terminar pensando mal de ti Muchas veces me lo has dicho que me amas... Y eso me ha quedado claro Sabes bien que te has ganado mi confianza Y eso para m es sagrado
Es por eso que quisiera que hablemos Y me saques de estas dudas No quiero sacar mis propias conclusiones Y creer que algo me ocultas
No es que desconfi Pero eres muy bonita S que ay ms de alguno Que busca tu compaa Ya son muchas veces En que te he notado rara Te pones nerviosa Al recibir una llamada Que es lo que te pasa Reconozco que siento celos Tengo tanto miedo de pensar Que te has aburrido de m
Es por eso que quisiera que hablemos Y me saques de estas dudas No quiero sacar mis propias conclusiones Y creer que algo me ocultas
No es que desconfi Pero eres muy bonita S que ay ms de alguno Que busca tu compaa Ya son muchas veces En que te he notado rara Te pones nerviosa Al recibir una llamada Que es lo que te pasa Reconozco que siento celos Tengo tanto miedo de pensar Tengo tanto miedo de pensar Que te has aburrido de m"
"3118" "Espero que no sea muy tarde Espero que ayn haga tempo De lograr que me perdones De decir te que lo siento Fue malo cuando fuiste buena Fue tonto al haberte te perdido Ahora doy lo que me pidas Tan solo por estar contigo No s si de algo sirve Decir te que cambiado Que si te queda amor Que si te queda amor Quero que vuelvas a mi lado
Para ser bueno como nunca fui Para entregarte todo el corazn Recuperar el tiempo que perd... Poner mi vida a tu disposicin Estar contigo cuando queras t Y encargar me de tu proteccin Que sientas que estoy tan cercas A todas horas al pie del can De ahora y adelante el bueno de tu historia ser yo
Fue malo cuando fuiste buena Fue tonto al haberte te perdido Ahora doy lo que me pidas Tan solo por estar contigo No s si de algo sirve Decir te que cambiado Que si te queda amor Que si te queda amor Quero que vuelvas a mi lado
Para ser bueno como nunca fui Para entregarte todo el corazn Recuperar el tiempo que perd... Poner mi vida a tu disposicin Estar contigo cuando queras t Y encargar me de tu proteccin Que sientas que estoy tan cercas A todas horas al pie del can De ahora y adelante el bueno de tu historia ser yo De ahora y adelante el bueno de tu historia ser yo"
"3119" "Agradezco el tiempo que has estado
A mi lado en los buenos momentos
Que juntos hemos pasado
Esa linda sonrisa que ilumina
En tu cara de muequita
Y ese cuerpo que me excita
Agradezco al a vida en haberte encontrado
Lleno cada espacio de este corazn que estaba destrozado Y ocupaste en mi vida un lugar
especial para ti reservado
Algn tributo mereces mujer Por ser m amiga
mi confidente, y mi fiel amante
De noches ardientes
Como expresarte como lo que guardo
En mi pecho escondido No soy poeta, ni soy romntico Soy torpe en lo que digo
Respetas mi vida y aprecias el tiempo
que he podido darte Djame quererte
a mi modo y prometo jams defraudarte
Esa linda sonrisa que ilumina
En tu cara de muequita
Y ese cuerpo que me excita
Agradezco al a vida en haberte encontrado
Lleno cada espacio de este corazn que estaba destrozado Y ocupaste en mi vida un lugar
especial para ti reservado
Algn tributo mereces mujer Por ser m amiga
mi confidente, y mi fiel amante
De noches ardientes
Como expresarte como lo que guardo
En mi pecho escondido No soy poeta, ni soy romntico Soy torpe en lo que digo
Respetas mi vida y aprecias el tiempo
que he podido darte Djame quererte
a mi modo y prometo jams defraudarte
Djame quererte a mi modo y prometo
jams defraudarte"
"3120" "Como sacarte de mi mente Como sacarte de mi mente Como borrar esos recuerdos que dejaste permanente El viento no me favorece Mi corazn no lo comprende No se quiere resignar Es conveniente no forzarlo ms
Mi corazn se equivoc Mis ojos lloran por no verte Como explicarles que tu ausencia esta vez ser para siempre Y soportar este dolor De verte y no poder tenerte Pero t rumbo ya cambio y tu direccin Sera diferente Hoy otro ocupa mi lugar Mientras mi mundo se escrese
El viento no me favorece Mi corazn no lo comprende No se quiere resignar Es conveniente no forzarlo ms
Mi corazn se equivoc Mis ojos lloran por no verte Como explicarles que tu ausencia esta vez ser para siempre Y soportar este dolor De verte y no poder tenerte Pero t rumbo ya cambio y tu direccin Sera diferente Hoy otro ocupa mi lugar Mientras mi mundo se escrese"
"3121" "Disclpame
Pero no aguanto ms
Esto que estoy sintiendo
Hay tantas emociones
Que guardo en mi pecho
No quiero que te vayas
Qudate un momento
Quisiera hablarte
Tan solo necesito unos cuantos segundos
Para que te des cuenta de que existe alguien
Que te ama como loca y muere por besarte
Tengo miedo
De que no me respondes favorablemente
Y me aguas un descuento enfrente de la gente
Pero aunque existe el riesgo tratare de convencerte
Que solo junto a mi te sentirs segura
Solo junto a mi se acabaran tus dudas
Solo junto a mi conocers un mundo lleno de ilusiones
Sentirs las ganas de que este contigo toditas las noches
Y por las maanas
Te despertaras
Pronunciando mi nombre
Por estar junto a ti yo lo dara todo
Seria la ms feliz te amare a mi modo
Dame un sonrisa que me agua pensar
Que vamos a intentarlo
No cierres las puertas
De este amor tan puro
Que tengo guardado
Dame unos das para demostrarte
Lo mucho que te amo
Solo junto a ti"
"3122" "En ti yo conoc el amor
y con un gran anhelo
urgi una ilusin
una ilusin q' en mi mataste
cuando me causaste esa disilucion
En ti yo conoc la dulce sencacion
me empuse a dar el corazn
el corazn q' distrosaste
cuando me causaste esa disilucion
esa fue mi equivocasion
q' yo te diera el corazn
pues yo de ti me enamore
sin pensar q' un da me
pagaras con traicin
y esa fue mi equivocasion
q' yo te diera el corazn
pues yo de ti me enamore
sin pensar q' un da me
pagaras con traicin
( Y como suena primo... Y puro Atardecer mi compa....Ajaay!!)
contigo yo aprend a rer
contigo yo aprend a llorar
contigo yo aprend a querer
pero lo malo fue
q' no aprend a olvidar
tu me fingiste la ternura
de una nia pura
ignorante al amor
mas fuiste tu mi profesora
la mil seductora
de mi corazn
y esa fue mi equivocasion
q' yo te diera el corazn
pues yo de ti me enamore
sin pensar q' un da me
pagaras con traicin
y esa fue mi equivocasion
q' yo te diera el corazn
pues yo de ti me enamore
sin pensar q' un da me
pagaras con traicin"
"3123" "Fue imposible sacar tu recuerdo de mi mente
Fue imposible olvidar que algun dia yo te quise
Tanto tiempo pas desde el dia que te fuiste
Ahi yo supe que las despedidas son muy tristes
Nunca me imagine que un tren se llevara en su viaje
Aquellas ilusiones que de nios nos juramos
Todos tus sentimientos los guardaste en tu equipaje
Quiciste consolarme why me dijiste yo te amo
Desde entonces no supe que seria de tu vida
Desde entonces no supe si algun dia regresabas
Los amigos del pueblo preguntaban si volvias
Llorando di la espalda no les pude decir nada
Ayer que regresaste al pueblo
Alguien me dijo que ya te casaste
Mirame why dime si ya me olvidaste
Me marchar con los ojos aguados
Despues le pregunt a la luna
Me dio la espalda intento ocultarse
Hasta la luna sabe que me amaste
Hasta la luna sabe que aun me amas
coro:
Why vuela vuela por otro rumbo
Why suea suea que el mundo es tuyo
Tu ya no puedes volar conmigo
Aunque mis sueos se iran contigo
Tu ya no puedes volar conmigo
Aunque mis sueos se iran contigo
*Y que sigan volando compadre, con Atardecer oiga*
Es tan triste tener que decirte que me olvides
Otro amor ha llegado a tu vida why estoy triste
Es muy tarde why no puedo negarte que me muero
Pero no callaran mis palabras pa' decirte
que soar contigo siempre que cierre mis ojos
Que entonar por ti mis cantos tristes noche a noche
Que llorar sin ti cuando recuerde que estoy solo
Al recordar que duermes en los brazos de aquel otro
Me pregunto si aun reflejas algo de mi vida
Si en tu memoria vive aquel amor de tantos aos
Aquel tonto que siempre te quiso desde nio
Que llora porque el amor de su vida se ha casado
Es triste ver que un tren se aleja
Why en el se va lo mejor de tu vida
Dime el motivo de tu despedida
Por que te fuiste dejando mil penas?
Un dia recibi tu carta
Quice leerla why era una hoja en blanco
Pues de tu vida nunca supe nada
Como preguntas que si aun te amo
Coro:(1X)"
"3124" "Antes
De que te vallas
Djame mirar
Una ves mas
Ese rostro
Que nunca eh de olvidar
Me dices
Sinceramente
Que me has dejado de amar
Descuida
Yo bien comprendo
Y te sabre perdonar
Perdona
Si te fastidio
Pero es que es mi sentir
Tal vez
No tengo ni forma
De lo que quiero decir
Quisiera
Pedirte
El beso
Que borre los del ayer
Ya no
Te quito tu tiempo
Te puedes ir ya lo vez
Cuida de tu vida en tu camino
Yo siempre pedir
A dios por ti
Por ese corazon
Que me dio tanto
Pero acabo mi canto
Y lo perd
Perdona
Si te fastidio
Pero es que es mi sentir
Tal vez
No tengo ni forma
De lo que quiero decir
Quisiera
Pedirte
El beso
Que borreo los del ayer
Ya no
Te quito tu tiempo
Te puedes ir ya lo vez
Cuida
De tu vida
En tu camino
Yo siempre pedir
A dios por ti
Por ese corazon
Que me dio tanto
Pero acabo mi canto
Y lo perd"
"3125" "Cuando tu quieras dejarme
Dejame poco a poquito
O si no vas a matarme
Corazon, corazoncito
Cuando tu quieras dejarme
Why nada quieras conmigo
Me conformare tan solo
Con ser tu mejor amigo
Si me abandonas
Acuerdate tantito
De quien te diera
Primero aquel besito
why me dijiste
Que nunca habias besado
Entonces piensa si me has de dejar
Corazon, corazoncito
Cuando tu quieras dejarme
Dejame poco a poquito
O si no vas a matarme
Corazon, corazonzito
Cuando tu quieras dejarme
Why nada quieras conmigo
Mis ojos van a llorarte
Como si llorara un nino
Si me abandonas
Acuerdate tantito
De quien te diera
Primero aquel besito
why me dijiste
Que nunca habias besado
Entonces piensa si me has de dejar
Corazon, corazoncito
Si me abandonas
Acuerdate tantito
De quien te diera
Primero aquel besito
why me dijiste
Que nunca habias besado
Entonces piensa si me has de dejar
Corazon, corazoncito"
"3126" "Tu fuiste lo mas lindo de mi vida
Me hisiste feliz, para que negarlo
Te quiero como a nadie yo querre
Y tu recuerdo aqui en mi mente llevare
Mis amigos los que te conocieron
Me dijeron que dijiste que dijeran
Que no sufra mas por ti
Que ya me olvido yo de ti,
Que en paz te deje ya vivir,
Que ya con otro eres feliz,
Y que recuerde que yo a ti te dije algun dia
Que solo queria tu felizidad.
Vive tu feliz con el,
Que yo ya no me enterpondre,
Pero si encaso ca termina tu felizidad
Recuerdame y ven, ven a mi.
Ay dolor
Y como estoy sufriendo
Y puro atardecer compa"
"3127" "Amorcito de mi vida
No e dejado de llorar
Me dejaste una herida
En el fondo de mi pecho
Que no e podido curar
Tengo dias en una barra
Tomando para olvidar
Los momentos tan felices
Yo no se por que te fuiste
Si no te puedo olvidar
Me diste una despedida
Amorcito de mi vida
Ya no quiero mas llorar
Tengo dias en una barra
Tomando para olvidar
Los momentos tan felices
Yo no se porque te fuiste"
"3128" "Yo no eh perdido
La esperanza
De tenerte entre
Mis brazos
why ese dia ah de llegar
Desde hare mucho
Que me gustas
Why lo que me gusta tengo
Con toda seguridad
Yo no eh perdido
La esperanza
De que un dia
Tu me quieras
why algun dia tu me querras
Tarde o temprano
Seras mia
Why yo sere tuyo
Algun dia
Yo tengo que lograr
Que conste ya mi amor
Te lo adverti que no
Descansare hasta que
Seas mia nomas
Pues tu me gustas
Why hare tiempo
Mucho tiempo atras
Me gustas mucho
Me gustas mucho tu
Tarde o temprano
Sere tuyo
Why mia tu seras
why yo te gusto
Me gustas mucho tu
Tarde o temprano
Sere tuyo
Why mia tu seras
Que conste ya mi amor
Te lo adverti que no
Descansare hasta que
Seas mia nomas
Pues tu me gustas
Why hare tiempo
Mucho tiempo atras
Me gustas mucho
Me gustas mucho tu
Tarde o temprano
Sere tuyo
Why mia tu seras
why yo te gusto
Me gustas mucho tu
Tarde o temprano
Sere tuyo
Why mia tu seras"
"3129" "Anoche soe contigo
Anoche soe feliz
Soaba que me besabas
Why ay que feliz me senti...
La noche se me iso corta
Why el sol pronto aparesio
Why de aquel beso de anoche
Solo el recuerdo quedo....
pero que bonito
Pero que bonito
Pero que bonito amor
Es lo que yo siento
Es lo que yo siento dentro de mi corazon
Yo quiero un besito
Yo quiero un besito
Un besito de verdad
Para que esta noche
Para que esta noche
Esta noche suee mas
La noche se me iso corta
Why el sol pronto aparesio
Why de aquel beso de anoche
Solo el recuerdo quedo...."
"3130" "Ay Santa Maria del Oro
Te conosco paso a paso
Por aqui tengo un amor
Que hare dias he conquistado why ujule
Dicen que me han de matar
No estoy mucho de las manos
Mientras que salgas a verme
Por aqui vivo pasando why ujule
Cuando salgo en mi carrucha
Le subo todo al estereo
Para que sepas chiquita
Lo mucho que yo te quiero why ujule
Ay Santa Maria del Oro
Como te he recorrido
Por aqui tengo un amor
En el corazon metido why ujule
Dicen que me han de matar
Que por que soy su querido
Traigo con que son las papas
Why ademas no estoy dormido why ujule"
"3131" "En ti yo conoci el amor
y con un gran anhelo
forje una ilusion
Una ilusion
que en mi mataste
cuando me causaste
esa desilusion
En ti yo conoci
la dulce sensacion
me puse a dar
el corazon
El corazon
que destrosaste
cuando me causaste
esa desilucion
Esa fue mi
equivocacion
que yo te diera
el corazon
Pues yo de ti
me enamore
sin pensar que un dia
me pagaras con traicion
Y esa fue mi
equivocacion
que yo te diera
el corazon
Pues yo de ti
me enamore
sin pensar que un dia
me pagaras con traicion
Contigo yo aprendi
a reir
contigo yo apredi
a llorar
Contigo yo aprendi
a querer
pero lo malo fue
que no aprendi a olvidar
Tu me finjiste
la ternura
de una nina pura
ignorante al amor
Mas fuiste tu
mi profesora
la vil seductora
de mi corazon
Y esa fue mi
equivocacion
que yo te diera
el corazon
Pues yo de ti
me enamore
sin pensar que un dia
me pagaras con traicion
Y esa fue mi
equivocacion
que yo te diera
el corazon
Pues yo de ti
me enamore
sin pensar que un dia
me pagaras con traicion"
"3132" "Dices tienes nuevo amor
y que es mucho mejor
que yo no valgo la pena
Pero tienes que entender
que no debes de llorar
que no debes de llorar
cuando te llegue mi ausencia
Yo contigo fui feliz
y tu no lo fuiste asi
por que no te daba nada
Yo no se lo que querias
por que amor si lo tenias
por que amor si lo tenias
pero otra cosa buscabas
Tu despreciabas mi amor
aunque sabias que te amaba
yo te di todo de mi
pero yo no te importaba
y arrida la sierra y hechale atardecer.....!!!!!!!!
Cuando te miro pasar
se te nota en tu mirar
que tu vives con tristeza
Aunque tengas un monton
de dinero no hay amor
se te nota no hay amor
no estas feliz ni contenta
Ahora quieres regresar
pero ya nada es igual
ahora tengo quien me quiera
No quiero ni tu amistad
tu me mandaste a volar
tu me mandaste a volar
aunque sabias que te amaba
Tu despreciabas mi amor
aunque sabias que te amaba
eras todo para mi
y sigues siendo mi amada"
"3133" "Que facil es,
decir te quiero cuando nada es cierto
Dificil es,
cuando recibes un fuerte desprecio
Una ilusion,
es la que tu le haz dejado a mi corazon
y mis palabras se las ah llevado el viento
Tambien dije,
que aunque tu nunca nunca me quisiste
Yo te lleve,
hacia el camino que nunca emprendiste
Yo te ensee,
para que hoy digas que otro fue elque te enseo
el camino del amor,
que conmigo nunca lo hiciste.
tarde entendi, tu me
engaaste y me traisionate,
pero yo no, voy a llorar por que
tu me dejaste, mi corazon,
esta feliz por esas noche de
placer y amor que con
pasion tu a mi me entregaste...."
"3134" "Era una tarde
de primavera
cuando hasta el alma
se encuentra en flor
Yo diecisiete
tu quinceanera
tu colegiala
y yo sonador
Y en aquel trigal
el sol cayo primero
despues un pantalon vaquero
y una falda escolar
Y las mariposas
volaban de flor, en flor
y nos enteramos por primera vez
lo que ser amor
Era una tarde
de primavera
hoy es invierno
y ya no hay flor
el tiempo pasa
quien lo dijer
tu ama de casa
y yo drogador
Y las mariposas
volaban de flor en flor
y nos enteramos por primera vez
lo que ser amor
Y las mariposas,
y las mariposas,
y las mariposas
volaban alrededor
Y nos enteramos por primera vez
lo que ser amor
Y las mariposas,
y las mariposas,
y las mariposas
volaban alrededor
Y nos enteramos por primera vez
lo que ser amor"
"3135" "Nadie es eterno en el mundo
Ni teniendo un corazon
Que tanto siente why suspira
Por la vida why el amor
Todo lo acaban los anos
Dime que te llevas tu
Si con el tiempo no queda
Ni la tumba ni la cruz
Cuando ustedes me esten despidiendo
Con el ultimo adios de este mundo
Nome lloren que nadie es eterno
Nadie vuelve del sueno profundo
Sufriras, lloraras
Mientras te acostumbras a perder
Despues te resignaras
Cuando ya no me vuelvas a ver
Adios a los que se quedan
Siempre les quize cantar
Suerte why que la gozen mucho
Ya no hay tiempo de llorar
No lloren por el que muere
Que para siempre se va
Lloren por el que se queda
Si lo quieren ayudar
Cuando ustedes me esten despidiendo
Con el ultimo adios de este mundo
Nome lloren que nadie es eterno
Nadie vuelve del sueno profundo
Sufriras, lloraras
Mientras te acostumbras a perder
Despues te resignaras
Cuando ya no me vuelvas a ver"
"3136" "Estamos otra vez
En el mismo lugar
Sufriendo por lo mismo
Why cuando vas a parar
Sufriendo un corazon
Te dedicaste a enganar
Se que vas a llorar
Tenemos mala suerte
En cosas del amor
Tenemos que ser fuertes
Why aguantar el dolor
Tienes que reponerte
Why volverte a enamorar
O te voy a cambiar
why voy a mandarme hacer
Un corazon de oropel
Para que aguante todo
Lo que le quieras hacer
Fallamos corazon
Volvimos a perder
No lo puedo creer
Yo fui muy limpio why sano
En cosas del amor
Yo a ti te di la mano
Te di besos why calor
Tu en cambio me enganaste
Me causaste dolor
Me saliste la peor
Tenemos mala suerte
En cosas del amor
Tenemos que ser fuertes
Why aguantar el dolor
Tienes que reponerte
Why volverte a enamorar
O te voy a cambiar
why voy a mandarme hacer
Un corazon de oropel
Para que aguante todo
Lo que le quieras hacer
Fallamos corazon
Volvimos a perder
No lo puedo creer"
"3137" "Zagreb sniva miran san
daleko je Amsterdam
daleko su Capri, Pajo, Mirna
Jinx i Jasmina
Tihe su oranice
s druge strane granice
ali zvuk oluje cujes samo ti
ali zvuk oluje cujes samo ti
nitko nema nikada
sto bi da mu pripada
nema Kruha nema Vina
nema Godina
ljuljaju se zavjese
da nam kisu navjeste
ali zvuk oluje cujes samo ti
ali zvuk oluje cujes samo ti"
"3138" "mi smo protiv ugnjetaca
i njihovih pomagaca
legionara i fasista
ay Carmela
ay Carmela
legionara i fasista
ay Carmela
ay Carmela
zelja nam je samo jedna
da fasista vise nema
mi nemamo avione
tenkove ni kamione
ay Carmela
nestaje nam municije
hladan vjetar poljem brije
ay Carmela
ne mogu nam bombe nista
ni oluja niti kisa
gdje se ova pjesma cuje
ay Carmela
ay Carmela
tamo srce pobjedjuje
ay Carmela
ay Carmela"
"3139" "FIRST MATCHING OPTION
HOW MANY LIVES YOU HAVE
WHAT LEVEL YOU ARE
my name is Jeff
I come to this forum very often
I find this forum is the place to exchange
impressions, you know, to find friends on the net
in the evening I come home
the flat is cold, still
and then I turn on my computer and gradually I dont
feel so lonely
I feel less weak, released and free
then I smoke a little joint
just to put myself in the mood
AY SENSIMILIA
AY
SVE SI MI MILIJA
of course I have a little beer
my name is Jeff
Jeff, the grateful
thank you very much
Im grateful
AY SENSIMILIA
AY
SVE SI MI MILIJA
and dont forget your HAMMER"
"3140" "Al jednog dana su tvoje oci same priznale
Da htjela bi da sam s tobom
Dok spava grad
I kako da sad nazovem taj sjaj sto izdaje
Da poci cu s tobom sad
Ili bilo kad
Dugo ti si to od mene krila
I nasla uvijek nove zaklone
Al svake noci isti san si snila
Da ti si meni mila
I da mi dajes sve"
"3141" "I see all these people
that are looking for pleasure
while the other folks try to survive
money and the profit
became the only measure
just to grab some more they will fight
slaves of the slaves are showing the way
consuming more and more they call better
so we surrender
to Big Pretender
and dont remember
the Light
mhm
aha
oh yeah
da da
Is Babylon
Is Babylon
Is Babylon is where we belong"
"3142" "postoji otok osunan
nekima od nas
od davnina znan
o njem od djetinjstva
razmi?ljam
a sad je stigao i taj dan
pa zbogom
Sive luke i oblaci
di?em sidro i odlazim
i tu?an sam
i nesretan
jer je rekla moja mala
da u ii sam"
"3143" "Nero with his axes
And piles of skies gurgling
Behind him
Diocletian smiles
And the garlands of meat fall tall
Who made the windmills?
And who made the whirlpools?
Who made the crows?
And who made the stones?
Who formed the foam
From Aleph the Father?
Behind the flowers
The mother of the cows
Dreaming of trees
In the colouring fields
My face dissolves in folds
And I disappear"
"3144" "I am leaving when the leaves fall
I am returning when the eyes open
I am hidden when the eyes close
I am between lips and lids
My murder shuts quiet
His sheets are shadows in the water
And the histories are full of blinking
And blurs
I am hidden when the inken bird covers
My youth and my back
I was not there for you in the panic
I was not there as the kitten died
And I take this home with me
I swallow your pain and stick blood into me
Suck moss and needles, the faces of burrs
The methodical false twilight
And the gossip poured love like greedy beads
Like mirrors I am your face
In the toilet in the kittenchen
On the glassblue sea the birds see
I am your mirror
Your echo is me
In bells and birds that beauty I saw
Etched in clouds trailing
Making curtains of waves
The broken face peeps
He echoes \"I am echo\"
I see you monster
I see you monster
My back and jaw hunch and feel
You there
You are the cuckoo, the train, the muffled drum
You say, \"I am echo
I am cleaner of floors
Sower of sores\"
And policeman in brambles and bubbles
Call the beauty to rest
Say, \"I am echo\"
And rise with peacocks
Feral and horizon
The beauty moved over me
And the beauty crashed down over my body
With wine and dreams creeping down from the bookcases
And saying \"I am echo; I am you; speak me; release me;
Kill me and leave the cat to G+D and rain and pussy willows\"
Falling like paws and snowing tears and the voice Shuts silent liar"
"3145" "Adam stands on docetic mountain
The woman's face is full of stars
In the words of the book
And with the lips of the book
And the trumpet and the seal
And the candlestick that lights
Up your bed with seeds and flowers
And the lion on your rug
That's roaring like a lamb
On the rack and on its back
I call the martyrs on wheels
To this piss-poor mess
And the blood spreading like flies
Under the table and the gable
Breathing curtains of eyes
That shift uneasily
And sniff like foxes at count
With feathers following the mind
That stitches quilts
And pours cats into comets
Oh microwave oh galaxy kill
All the night and its names
On docetic drawn mountain
My dragon arises
Scaling plastic Christs
With no back and no face
He has stolen space
And has solemn to spare
And kisses mountains
Covered with useless snow
For Paise and for Thekla
Under low volcanoes
Fearful wails to fall
Under his brothers
And Bloodface kills again
And smothers the wheels
Drawing in the dirt
There is Ashkai
Under psychic attack since eight
I saw the bells by the jar
I saw the teeth in the jaw
And saw the pale drains
Mind sinking empty wine
Useless in the heathen Eden
How great was the jungle
Dogs clutch heads and
Catch and call fall bulls
Murmuring like lovely streams
That pulse and hurtle
My clock shot shut"
"3146" "Anyway murder they say
Please murder
My face was watching braille dogs
Hammering out belonging to the sky
Their wings form shutters
From Alan's window
The incense drifts past the skins and shells
Ruby waves goodbye
And runs to the valleys
That are beautiful
And drenched with rain and colours
And green was that blood then
The sap of monsoons and butterflies
When I was small the red flowers opened
And I broke letters and dreamed
Or murder and nations and Crowley's jazz
4 or 5 decades later
I am some Egyptian face
Was I in Luxor carving my name?
Was I binding cats with kindness and saws?
The green glass stinks with ash
In the broken windows
Remembered bodies
Fill the streets with novels
And the brave boys pass by
In brave pontoons
And mark graves
With pebbles that sink and shriek jingles
What was the lie in your showboat?
Or your slowboat? Were the paperweights
Calling you to statis? Or murder?
Was your soul at KostKutters or Kwiksavers?
The cats lie under pink lights
And see themselves as ponies with fur
Whilst Judas arises 4 centuries too late
And says ecce homo an
I was not the creator at the dawn or evening
But the trains walk by to Toytown
And call for fares from the wooden front
You and I were walking the calypso
Howling for teatime
At teatime the conquistadors and matadors
Are salvators and astronauts
The sea was bloody red and coupled with fury
Anyway murder they say
Anyway murder"
"3147" "These are the dregs
Of last grains of the age
May be the hourglass
Of earth covering earth
But not in Betlehem
Not in Jerusalem
Not in Chorazin
And not in Bethsaida
We will not again see
God humbled on an ass
But see -
See
On a white horse he comes
Blazing sword
In, in burning hand
''Lo, I am become death
The destroyer of worlds''
His hands are backed up
They're straining at his neck
What colour shall we rank in him?
What face shall we deliver him?
There may be the black dog
There may be the white dog
Hitler comes as Kalki
Kalki comes as Hitler
Teeth! Teeth! Teeth! Teeth!
But meaningless lights
Still hold our attention
We think that the holy books
Are written in blood and fire
But what if it's water?
The fire's turned to blood
The blood's turned to water
And the water's turned to what?
Milk? Piss? Lies? Dust?
Hitler comes as Kalki
Kalki comes as Hitler
everything becomes emptiness
but goes through fire
secret mother (gsang yum chen mo)
secret father (gsang yab chen po)
Hitler becomes Kalki
Kalki becomes Hitler
White horse and red horse
Christ twists on the cross
Hitler smiles in the guttering rubble
He brings not peace but a sword
And maybe the ocean roars immaculate
Maybe the stars fall incomprehensible
Oh these all tell me
Oh these all spell to me
Hitler as Kalki
Kalki as Hitler
Where's your God now?
I'll point out his varied forms to you:
One: he hangs on the end of a tree
Two: he's nailed to the arms
Of this self-same tree
And three: he spins and soars
And laughs through space!
One day the world sees
Oh, one day the world sees
Hitler as Kalki
Kalki as Hitler
And he lies matted
Half in time and half in space
Through the rising incense smoke
I see him in the crowded room
I see him crossing the mountain range
If we see man at his most bloody
If we see man at his most base
Shall we point then and there say
''This is reality, this is his nature''?
Oh, what makes the pain
More real than the joy?
Both are so mingled now
And muddled together
To pull them apart
We butcher the essence
And cripple its meaning
God is on the cross
Or three gods perhaps
If they are all one
Neither coming nor going
Neither waxing nor waning
But immense in their unity
Matter and space
He rides between the spaces
And he rides between the pain
In the secret heart of becoming
In the secret modes of darkness
His eyes are now shuttered windows
Oh, man man man man
With his claws and his lies
With his peace and his pain
With his love and his sorrow
With his candle of hope
That stutters and dies
No liberation through hearing
When the sound of the world's collapsing
Deafens deafens deafens our ears
And pierces our heart
Hitler as Kalki
Kalki as Hitler
Rolling and roaring
Swooping and soaring
Exultant and trembling
Sorrow sorrow sorrow
Where the eagle flies
Where the eagle shudders
Where the eagle drops
Where the eagle plummets
All things merging
And all things dissolving
Then stars collapse
The vortex commences in space
The rubble collects
The debris gathers
Time starts to shiver
My heart's blood
If I dissolve into your body
If I hoped to find
Whitelight in your soul
If together we fall into forever
Would we not notice the turbulence
That no longer waits?
First he comes
From on a hill
Then he's running
Throughout the town
Then he stands
Devoid of peace
Devoid of place
Devoid of pity
Oh my dear Christ
Carried broken from sad brown earth
Teeth. Teeth. Teeth. Teeth. Teeth.
Hitler as Kalki
Kalki as Hitler"
"3148" "I
Behind my walls are my Cats. And behind my Cats is a Peacock singing to me of my death and yours. I said to her \"In the silence of an eye, I shall smile and arise, and see someone I used to know sleeping; in her room in her bed in her body I was in Paradise.\" I am awake in the sound of roses and a young girl's voice. We are drowning in the approaching shadows. I am dreaming and cannot hold it. I have seen.
(Dear Christ: the silence and the loss; we are born and fall. Dear Christ, you too are broken and lost and hanging like a Roman standard over us all.)
II
Behind the line of my skull that hides behind my hair and skin, I see the selfsame skull of my father, and beyond the skull of my father, the skull of my grandfather, and the skull of my great grandfather, whom I never knew. And so on this line unto the alpha and omega point at infinity. With my eye - this fire, this fly, that sees everything and smiles, and comprehends nothing, and dies - I see all around my head and that end. I have invented myself; I have created myself; I am just a form of dream English, words stretched with skin and fear. From my eyes in my skull my father observes this immense and kaleidoscopic dream. By birth I am other than this. The mosquitoes rejoice in my skin. The lizard is on the ceiling above me. The shallow water pots deny the ants routes to food. There is no silence ever. The cicadas are omnipotent sound. The kampong is dark and still. I am not what I thought I was. I am not what I seem. Most of all, I am not what I am. I thought it was the news rushing down the wires, happy in death and fashion, spinning yo-yos and clacking its jaw, raising its eyes, mimicking dogs at play. The sun shuts down, and erases birdlight. And in this stunted eclipse I saw myself, some darkness at last tenously visible, love as the sweetest thing. Al Bowlly, Jack Buchanan, sing on, dreaming of the lamps and the beautiful ladies, bowed lips packed with blood, the staged kisses trembling under the placid stars, the coffee taken with cream and scones under the Viennese Moon; whilst we are weighed, we are judged, and twist in this storm like birds over sails.
III
I have caught the dead again: I click my eyes
And there they are, mercurial ghosts, formed
And moving; so the dead do move, and shout,
And pray, and cry, and suffer
And the eye click on and one: the one shut
Catches the dead. The clouds pass by.
God hovers over us and shrieks
We don't hear the slightest crackle
Can't see the slightest smiles
And we blur into our death and the second great death
Whilst we chase chicks and dream of a paradise without wings or sorrow, Christ's tears fall over Jerusalem. The curtains are groggy with damp, and the rails, and the tracks and the tacks, and the black and the bats, and the shrivelled shrill lights trip and laugh over the weeds and the blossoms, and throats open shut and sigh. I am the moon and the sun, the rising and the setting, the first and final breaths, and the product of the stars. I am some immortal and pointless dust.
Two bodies lie in bed for their brief moment together in eternity; the memory holds still; we watch the fireflies kiss the night and turn their backs on the Milky Way forever, as our eyes shower sweetness upon each other.
IV
I caught a glimpse of your eyes
Last night in a restless dream
Awaking out of green field blue seas stars
Your eyes arose like the spectres of flowers
I turned out the light and clicked fast the door
The book fell
I had so many thoughts, so many signs
I made sense of nothing at all
This green dream was unreal; the crickets sing
Across deserts and plains the lost feast
Whose shimmering teeth are marking the passing of time
A cloud falls; a bird shivers and sings, its beak stained with night
Pure gold: the dark is waiting, the darkness is hungry,
The deep is angry, and the telephone rings on
A film screen descends, and the silent movies play
Buster Keaton falls and rots, as Big Ben sings and boils
On an endless swamp; the silence is treacle thick
And calls us to prayer: paint God with your blood
And fill haunted women with knives and kites
And gauges and valves and make them weep long hymns
To gaseous and clumsy mortality whilst fish descend
Remember, remember the burning ember
Embedded in your chest: the soul watches TV
And gorges itself on blood and popcorn
Now that's what I call decay decline and hard times
Hard times, very hard times, Mr. Lindsay,
Hard times and winter so croool: you have stopped my watch
At the stroke of three and call for the police
But there's a time for tea and a time for expiring
And the notice to quit is in the post:
And you should know: your
Little cow and calf is gonna die
V
I was awake, dreaming
Of new dystopias to run to and hide within
And new faces to wear
And new bodies to inhabit
And new lies to guzzle
And how I loved
The moon, and its sheets of seeds
The moon tiding in your body
The smell of your blood breathing
And its taste in the sea in the south shining my feet
Till it seemed as if they were made of dew
With pearls of huge beauty
Whilst your mouselike breath was
The hand upon my clock
And one each breath I came nearer
To my silly and shining end
VI
All long summer long
Under the fly-dance and the thumbthick twilight
The thought of you smiling
And laughing with children
Crippled me
Typecast and forlorn
Smudged ghost gorgeous:
There is a love so profound
So broken and risen:
Torment, black valley
Slumbering between our lips
And the lies we thoughtlessly wove
I knew your essence once
At our time when the sunset and I touched you
In the slanting room, just south of the past
Between your belly and thighs:
This was a temporary deceitful paradise.
Lost as we created it
And destroyed in tasting
So much blood is lacking now
I dreamt for your bit lips, haunted like waves
In the ecstatic arch of evening:
You and the night, you and the mountain
You and tomorrow, you and the tomorrow:
Stay away: stay away: stay away:
What we want we cannot have
And wanting all the more
I slept on words and lines and texts
Of useless want, staring at the time
And finally lost you finally finally lost you finally
As the moon swept down and wept.
VII
Good morning: How are you?
I have called to say
I saw you dreaming of conquests
Of large wars, bigger walls:
But:
I am pleased to say:
Your houses are dead
Your children are full of flame
The horses are dead and the butterflies fall
God is abroad
The wind is in the air
And from the depths
I point at us all
Good morning
The clouds of smoke arise
Arise arise full of eyes of eyes
Your sons are suffocating their sisters
And painting eyes on the walls
With tongues dipped in blood
Arise arise full of eyes of eyes
And from the depths
I call to us all
Good morning
I have seen the face that lies
I have seen the lips that smile
With false smiles arise arise
Look look: I have read a book a book
That has spelt out the future
And from the depths
I see a king arise arise
With on his forehead many eyes eyes
And he is on a horse a horse a horse
With a train of smoke behind its hooves
And I must say from my depths
I have seen a story emerge from a cloud of wings
Arise arise from eyes from eyes
And a number is sss6een is sss6een is sss6een
From the depths beauty
And from the depths loss
From the depths from the depths
I have called and added and have seen you all
Your children are dead and waiting for you
VIII
The sun has already just set
You said
And behind it the moondfaced disc
Blue; pearl; white: opaline mouth
Sack of hopes, of dreams, of fur
Catching the moths that
Trail dust in the dusk
Caused you to open alone and sign
Goodbye to us all in the white room
In the eyewhite, skullwhite room
In the bed,
Amongst the dead:
Santa Rita, ora pro nobis
I looked at you
And touched the earth
Hid under concrete and cruelty
Credo quia impossibile est
That the dead rise, rise, rise
And in the blink, in the twink
Of your eye, Santa Rita,
I saw you dart, dark as an eclipse
Whilst the twilight made a rainbow
All around your passing
And I saw and was saved
IX
In dream:
You are there
As the tip of the tongue collapses towards the teeth
And the waters of dream mass around
You are there: You are there
Suddenly and silently
You are the force of the wave
And birds, all birds, reel in the distance
Their face at dawn
Where profound and terrible armies surge
And foreign towns collapse under the weight of prophesied terrors
All the dead advance, great armies,
Martyrs for the Blood, the Sign, the Wound
And time
The animals all sorted Fishes too
I have eaten judge me at
God's right hand
And the cats that arise from the dirt and the filth
And the starving and the scabby
The tortured the tortured the tortured
I see them at night before I drift
During my sleep they gambol and play
And chase Balls or Children or Giants
They play cards and click their eyes
They laugh, and take tea at six
They laugh as they tumble
And have TEETH the size of cloudbursts
And grip us and take us down to the Deep
And we sigh and expire and
seeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
silenceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
sssssssssmilliiiiiiiiiiiiinggggggggggggggg
I cannot bear this all any more. Not enough silence. But in the desert I sometimes see ships and hear the black diamond express near the station before mine. Caesar: where are you going? He said to me, grinning:
You will reach the Kingdom
With a bow and a sweep
You will reach the Kingdom
I have caught and tortured Time
And I ARISE
We are surrounded for the last 2000 years by a VAST EMPIRE OF DEATH and EMPIRE OF BLOOD: this was all after the Crucifixion:
i uflow tou yeou: plhrhw xaritow kai elhyeiaw.
So try to remove whatever may dream or spill or seed or spread on your breath:
Or your silence will seep into the something you wished to avoid
It will be seen some fine day, all right, yes, all right:
\"I will make you mine,\", just you and I, whilst our breaths pass between us and spiral off to mausoleums of desires and hopes.
When my friends pass into the great goodbye before my eyes
And I too move with them: without sound, just words
Left floating through the streets, and the ears:
And the souls of the people who were with me: I was in them
And they were in me. And off they go, a pint in their hands,
A glint in their eye, and I see tambourines drearily clapping out
The pavine carnival march: \"now you see'em, now you don't\"
I did not want the world to stop; and I have seen it rush past me
As a ferocious fury, but such angelic fury, and I was taking the Temperature of a thousand changes of mind: I might take you now, but perhaps I shall wait till the postman comes for toast and - With notes of the obsequies at 12 -
With your teeth on edge at the faint sound of the swans charging at the trees that you built swings on and killed under and dreamt under
With your beloved in that first and last virginal Summer
When you entered this world of blood and belief
And coupled under the Tropical Sun
And gave birth to children in your cries
I am born to die.
I am born to die.
I am born to die.
\"Jesus snorted; he was moved to his guts;\" and the dust was everywhere, and Pilate arose in his fury. You have a boat waiting, friend, and it is time to board: all aboard, all aboard. \"We don't save the living here.\" (The cyclamen opens at evening, and the world was gentle tonight; summery, hints of rose and rouge in the sky in the north over the dome of the glassgreenhouse.) Pilate arose. And washed his hands. I washed my hands; I cleared dust of them; I can see specks of blood laughing upon them. Pilate washes his hands. He arose and washed his hands. And the sword fell.
Meanwhile, in the house with nothing at home: in the cafe with plates of liver and kidneys and offal; in the slaughterhouse near the schoolyard; in the damaged rooms of the schoold ma'am at rest; in the fallen arches of the brilliant silence, coloured at dawn, and twilit by the twittering of birds; in the moon shining down on the shrew on my step; at the freshly cut grass; at the sound of the bell making toast or tea or time buzz by with loud whoops of shouting \"I am here I am there; catch me if you can, catch me if you dare\". At all th4ese moments, and all these daydreams, and all our breaths which dream idly into deaths, deaths: at all these deaths, I remember you beautiful with love and fear with swooping hair biting the words our of your mind, and delivering them to me hating to pass the time, which swept by, as proud as a ghost, whilst we tossed coins to see who would disappear first."
"3149" "And then when then I die
I feel I shall say
I have not understood
I have not understood any of this
My eyes are still coaldark
I have not understood
Around and in my eyes the tiny flecks
Of swirling crippled confused lights
And to my heart I will whisper
Softly quietly
\"There is no death there is no death\"
(And goodbye to you all)
Under the gorgon grinned arches
Of London's great vaults
I have not understood
Under the sunpuckered roofs
Of Kathmandu
I have not understood
Along the soulstoned streets
Of Lower
And of Higher Germanie
I have not understood
Leipzig: blackeyed pain and loss: she
I have not understood
In Clare near I
the empty lakes are open in the distance
And too close is the famineretchingroad
All these are ghosts
There I have not understood
(In the Heart of the Wood
Oh there I have understood)
I rested at the temple of Great Black Time -- Her
And did not understand
Though animalbled fleshmarbled rivers ran in Her honour
His buckled body in blood
Returns to the prebirth poise
Spreadeagled like starfish --
There in His eyes:
Incomprehension mute pain disbelief what
Blood there meant sorrow trickles there
This I could not understand
I bend the pages of yet another book
And in its lines Great Black Lines
I have not understood
Please gramercy pray for me
And oh goodbye sweetestheart
The wind roars in the nearness
And there in my heart
And all the clouds are spiralling towards us
Descent indeed to the centre of it all
Skipping lightly and lying truly
This we shall understand
I hope...
We bent humped trees
The great ones -- there
On the lapped shore
Dai Ichi
There also I do not know
This is all unknowable
And as the dust covers
My empty eyes
You shall read in these foolish gapes
Oh that I have not understood
(But if you look for the stag and cross conjoined
there on my arm look there
There I have understood very well.)
Now you are all fading
All fading
As my age creeps on
As This Age stumbles on
Fires in the earth
Fires in the sky
Fires in our hearts
Fires everywhere
The black eyes
Already blacken
And this I have not understood
Not peace
But a sword
This and He
Unfortunately
I have understood
Under the bowered greenwood tree
When first I lay
Bright starre with Thee
Under the velvet branches dear
When sun and moon both came so near
Under the starlit open dome
Under the starsharp pointed lights
Under the starloved greeny earth
When first I wanted to hold You
And all the world halfdead and halflive
Spat into my mouth
Bluesea bitterwater
And I am almost dead
And I have not understood
Under the rain and teeth of gods
Under the pain and sleeping liddy eyes
Under the brokkd wetful heaven
If you are there
If you are there
If you are there
Then I am singing with my eyes
If you are there"
"3150" "So: this Empire is nothing
Before me the green fields are stretched out
The broken body of a cat glows there
And the shimmering flies fall
This Empire is nothing
I said: \"I guess this isn't real\"
This Empire is not real
I cannot hang words on the Silence
Everywhere God's goldenlight
S. said: \"You have appeared to me for a reason\"
And I said to Her:
\"Who do You say I am?\"
Like One better before"
"3151" "Around me: I stand on the shore
The waters are black and swirling
I hold a black mirror in my hands
The /swastiked/ winds sweep around me
Their arms the nightbreath sleepwalking
The sighing of imminence and ending
All there the waves curl under and over
Around me: I see things coming to a close
The door is /nearly/ shut
As we stare at it the tinylight squeaks out
Slower and slower
I see things coming to a close
The folding cerecloth shrugs down over the windows
The lights burn still: but /invisible/ to us now
I see things coming to a close
(My mind kissed Myrinerest last night)
I dreamt
I cannot see
I cannot see
I can no longer see
And nor would I want to
Anymore
Clearblindlayeredlightcolourblindeathcomecomecomecome
Goaway
The pale toothed face inverted
At the feet of the /Rose Garden/
By the hedge and by the dream
By the post and by the bell
By the dawn and by the form
(/Formless He Lay and Dreamt/)
And formless we lay and shall dream
And then the rain
\"My pain beneath your sheltering hand\"
He cried
And gave himself up to the Tempter
The rebel angels (he thought and knew)
Would indeed array him with robes of water
But not mad
But clear
Why can't we all just walk away?"
"3152" "Circles within circles
We ride through them all
Circles within circles
\"In the midst of the Southern regions...\"
There a man rests and weeps
This year, next year,
Sometimes,
Never, oh never
If we think then that there is
No joy
But listen:
On the edge of winds
Is the rustling of the greens
All many greens, manifold and lovely
The sighing and crying of the wind
The lovely boughs
The lovely light
The lovely light
The lovely stars, jewelly nobles
The pitted starheads of a burning fire
Burn far brighter burn brighter --
Starry glory golden flamey and lambent --
Than any other fires we know
The moony wetmouthed cradle of bluenight
The plumed bird, lovely voiced
The streaked cat, rooted hairshine
Head of furlight
Purr of bright sound
Lovely and noble, jewelly lords
So sparkling, glimmering spitting lights
Little houses of fire
In little towns of fire
Open and shut their fiery sandsheet eyes"
"3153" "We've got a farm, a barn of a farm
Right in the middle of a swamp
There ain't any charm in our little farm
Right in the middle of the swamp
Now nothing's grown since the day we came
Misery Farm is our farm's name!
We're all miserable, so miserable
Down on Misery Farm
So are the animals, so are the vegetables
Down on Misery Farm
The hens won't lay, we can't make hay
We work all day, we get no pay!
We're all miserable, so miserable
Down on Misery Farm
Now we've got a cart, with part of the cart
Stuck in the middle of the swamp
The old grey mare, she looks at it there
Stuck in the middle of the swamp
We'll be digging it out next May
Patching it up for Darby day!
We're miserable, so miserable
Down on Misery Farm
So are the animals, so are the vegetables
Down on Misery Farm
The hens won't lay, We can't make hay
We work all day and we get no pay!
We're miserable, so miserable
Down on Misery Farm
We're miserable, so miserable
Down on Misery Farm
So are the animals, so are the vegetables
Down on Misery Farm
The hens won't lay, we can't make hay
We work all day, we get no pay!
We're miserable, so miserable
Down on Misery Farm"
"3154" "In the mind of god
The dead sleeping lie
And the little cogs though unmoving
Hover over the turning wheel
All life's a farce
The broken bird is draped over the paths
And paths and paths and paths
And those who say this world is not
The bloody gleaming paradise of blood and jewel
Lie
Opal and pearl bloodsocket castings
Ruby jasmine jasper onyx
Chalcedonthrone and ambergriscrown
Golden green leafwork
Scrolled with the farstars
Pitted with the moonworlds
Mother alldewey
Arrayed with the twinkling lights
The wovengold spungilded blinking godeyes
The spearshafts of heaven
The souldwelling rockhomes
Are...
Dormition and Dominion
Dormition and Dominion
The Mother is dead
The Mother awakens
Dormition
She sleeps
Dominion
He rules
She sleeps and rules
In her starry bodied glory
The Mother sleeps
The Mother loves
Dormition and Dominion
I wait
..Are the holders of the world and its dreams
I say there is no death
No death
We have lived before and shall live again
And again
We have slept before and shall sleep again
We have danced through the shallow pools
And shall rejoice once again
To those who say there is no hope
I say liars
Liars
Liars you are
Over the starry dancing stars
There is a land
Under the sweatribbed brow
There is a land
And this is the globed world of the Pantocrator
Finally I have understood
I have understood
I have understood
Though when I slip sleeping and silently
From this ribbed room of sighs
You shall not find the history of His personal visit
Sewn into my linings perhaps
Nevertheless I have understood
Where the logician watches god hinge all on a die
Nevertheless: I have understood!
That all this is the breathbetween moment
Our eyelids open and close
Between is the land
Between the time I first was accepted
In between Your brightboned body
Between then and there and the time You wept:
\"Goodbye my love goodbye to you\"
Goodbye oh goodbye
There there was the land
In the pearls of our heart
There is the immaculate heavenly loveland
In the middle of the forest Acton is slain by his own hounds
In the middle of the forest Eustace meets the crisscross Stag
There is the land he has reached paradise
There is no death
There is no death
There as the stag turns and smiled loved
There he was takencaught by the prey
All the flowers are blossoming
And all the world calls to you:
\"Dormition\" -- so you sleep
\"Dominion\" -- so he rules
Dormition -- oh You sleep, Mother
Dominion -- Father, You rule"
"3155" "Sorry then bird flight
Passes across my window
Sorry then dog crouches
Under the still sun
Sorry then moi je
Regrette tout ce que
J'ai fait
O le soleil se couche I
Lie me down I lay
With Your body under the
Honeysun
Suckled lovewing mine
You were
I was not yet dressed Tibetan red
And into You, as You'll recall
I fled
The twig-smashed landscape
Is rolling and waving
Wolf wild wide wind walking
Soft smoke star space stalking
This is the comic book end
We have waited for
And not believed in
Oh nearly not at all
Oh nearly not at all
Once when we were young
Oh once we were so young
And the rainways licking the glass
Made us the observers of the distant distance
We there watched the sky's goddy tears
Only once did GoodGod cry black
And then all the clockmovements start
To crick crack crick
By the hairs on my head
By the stare in my eyes
By the pain in my heart
I shall whisper through signs:
All this world makes great blood
All this world makes great blood
All this world makes great blood
All this world makes great blood
All this world makes great blood
All this world makes great blood
All this world makes great blood"
"3156" "\"Bounce the Ball still
Softly round it on all sides.
The Goal is in each Kits Eye
The Ball fixs each eye open:
It roles to each paws love;
Bounced home, where it hides.\"
Louis Wain"
"3157" "King after king after king
Then queen then queen then king
Dead in lines and dead in singular
They are dead they are dead
Altogether dead"
"3158" "Into the bloody hole we'll go
Oh no oh no
Into the sharp swords we shall go
Oh no no
Or be tugged anyway
Goodbye goodbye
Goodybye goodbye
Shake those tears from your eyes
Goodbye goodbye
Goodbye goodbye
You were the sudden summer of god
The jangling belldeath and the rain rains
I wished you would fall on me like a tended judging
Oh yes
Oh no
And still I do, my dear"
"3159" "\"Consider the lillies of the field\"
Consider the carnage and massacre
Consider the love and embraces
Consider the hangingred skies
Consider the pain of your enemy
Consider the hatred of your friend
There, oh there, there is the land
All the musics shall combine
All the daughters are no longer brought low
They are araised
In brightfiregodgiven they rejoice
And those who deny this world
Is the soul of the unbroken one
Lie
This is indeed Paradise
(Come I shall show you where
The stars give birth and sleep)
And all around you is the warm bluegreen breath of heavens
Do not fear
Around you is the vast blueblack space of stars
Do not fear
This is the great ocean
On which the endless waves crash down
God is not dead
There is no death I say
(Come I shall show you where
Dreams go to when they die)
Hurry now; the sun is descending
The shadows wait to play"
"3160" "Into the menstrual night we'll go
Hey ho hey ho
Into the blue woods we shall go
Hey ho ho
Into the blue woods we shall go
Hey ho hey ho
Beyond the blue gates we shall go
Hey ho ho
Beyond the blue gates we shall go
Hey ho Hey ho
Into the lovely green sea we shall go
Hey ho ho
Into the lovely blue sky we shall go
Hey ho hey ho
Lipped love light shall lift the skies
Hey ho ho
Sounds love life lifts the skies
Hey ho hey ho
The masque has nearly begun my dear
Hey ho ho"
"3161" "Mignonne, allons voir si la rose
Qui ce matin avait dclos
Sa robe de poupre au soleil
A point perdu cette vpre
Les plis de sa robe pourpre
Et son teint au vtre pareil
Las! Voyez comme en peu d'espace
Mignonne, elle a dessus la place
Las! las! ses beauts laiss choir!
O vraiment martre est Nature
Puisqu'une telle fleur ne dure
Que du matin jusques au soir!
Donc, si vois me croyez, mignonne
Tandis que votre ge fleuronne
En sa plus verte nouveaut
Cueillez votre jeunesse:
Comme  cette fleur, la vieillesse
Fera ternir votre beaut
\"The old willows wrecked again and again in the hold of the woods held
in close confinement all round into the struggle for existance where
the streams were constantly taken from their course by the roots of the
old trees in the woods allowing no mill stream the free course through
until the whole of these fine old trees had got their whole water
course directed by their own roots into each others roots in their own
devious ways & so each time the bad weather conditions came the dell of
the old popular willows received the whole rainfall & gave the roots of
the old popular trees the worst conditions they could not recover from.
The result was when the bad storms swept the ground downhill the whole
of the upright branches of the populars were wrecked & wrenched off as
none had sufficient root hold to do any good in holding as against the
winds forcing both root & trunks & branches to give way. The ultimate
result was as stated the cracking down of the branches & the breaking
off of the main trunk as it had no side branches to help its leaves to
support the whole tree. This gave the stubble growth of enforcing the
trunk low down near the ground to spray out the small side branches &
to develope in the trunk the further strength to enlarge the top of the
trunk to enable the heavy branch growth to develop & to give out a
large number of spray branches in all directions to keep control of the
wind and also to stop the wind from further to destroy the old trees in
its course the winds followed the well streams & then got the clear run
free of the trees until a run of heavy old tree trunks guided them out
again into the ground where the rising ground destroyed them by holding
them in face clear of the winds the night mist.\""
"3162" "Then I looked into her young eyes
From eighty years she looks back
Into my young eyes
And she is gone
To where?
Where has her soul gone?
Body found yes
But her very mark her sign
Lost it seems to me now
Though I feel that she is here still
All around me windsouled
To love is always to live somehow
As long as our eyes are still this colourdull glass
I will not know her still
This parched scorched earth
Endless wheel of suffering
Great ocean of pain
Bloodbucket of grief
Roaring mouthgaped O
Of disappointment and despair
Will not then exist
And we shall smile
We shall smile as big
As the big crescent moon
Which lies on its arched back and dreams
Of cats and stars and snow
And as before we saw smiley shining stars
And disreaching them
Our arms would wave like a desperate windmill
Hoping hoping to welcome them home
Now we shall touch them close to our hearts
And what we are
And what we may be
Maybe
Why I have failed
And all I could have been
And am not
And all I had hoped for
And were not
And everything I hoped
And hoped and hoped and hoped for
I prayed in the morning
And I prayed in the evening
And I got not
From the rotgut god
When all the world starts to shiver
And shimmer and shake all around me
And all the worldlight was piecemeal
And peaceless
This is the atomic pain of the worlds
The molecular tears
The final crystalline structure of misery
That winds its way around the wooden snakejawed growing spine
Of the worlds
Listen: I was taken
To be betrayed whenever is hate
To be betrayed wherever is hate
As the body is abused by man
There in the Patrapassion edge of the world
The hanging god is invaded
In heart and soul
I suffer you all suffer
You suffer all I suffer
Suffer suffer suffer suffer
The tearblowing world creaks around
And we are broken (Loss!)
Loss
Light and darkness
Light and darkness
It seems to the little blue and green world
That they do not know each other
But they must finally
(The Master says that Satan too shall be forgiven)
Forgiven
And suffering before
We suffer too
Here's sixpence
Here's sixpence
Go and play and play
In the flaky pale fields that still are somehow this land
And spend oh spend your life away
Spend your spend your night away
And waste and waste your life away
Under the brightstarlight
Under your yewboned archlight body
you are dead
Under this shitstained sky
you are dead
Under the loveless muddy almoststars
You are dead
Under the sleeping closed eyes of the Bhagavan
You are dead
Under the road and the track and the path
Along the green grass slipping way
Along the snaking way
you are deady deady
Deady deady
Deady deady
Dead
Goodnight
The lights are dead and so are you
The light is dead and so are you"
"3163" ""
"3164" ""
"3165" ""
"3166" ""
"3167" ""
"3168" ""
"3169" ""
"3170" ""
"3171" ""
"3172" ""
"3173" ""
"3174" ""
"3175" ""
"3176" ""
"3177" ""
"3178" ""
"3179" "Whoa!Whoa!Whoa!
Somebody's jumping in the tub with your brother (2x)
Whoa!Whoa!Whoa!
Somebody's definitely jumping in the tub with your brother (2x)
Somebody's definitely jumping in the tub with your brother
Jumping in the tub with your cousin
Somebody's definitely jumping in the tub with your brother
Uncle!
Somebody's jumping in the tub with your brother!
Somebody's jumping in the tub with your mother!
Whoa!Whoa!Whoa!"
"3180" ""
"3181" ""
"3182" ""
"3183" ""
"3184" ""
"3185" ""
"3186" ""
"3187" ""
"3188" ""
"3189" ""
"3190" ""
"3191" ""
"3192" ""
"3193" "Whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa
I won't keep watching you
Dance around in your smoke
And flicker out
You're not the light I used to know
I don't believe in safety nets
Strung below that make it alright
To let go
You gotta hold on
Or it's gonna
Slip, slip, slip through your
Slip, slip, slip through your hands
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Or it's gonna
Slip, slip, slip through your
Slip, slip, slip through your hands
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Or it's gonna
Slip, slip, slip through your
Slip, slip, slip through your hands
Whoa, whoa, whoa
What's the matter?
You don't have enough rain
To make up your storm?
Oooh whatcha look so sad for?
Where's the light I used to know?
Oh it's gonna
Slip, slip, slip through your
Slip, slip, slip through your hands
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Oh it's gonna
Slip, slip, slip through your
Slip, slip, slip through your hands
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Where's that light I used to know?
Where's that light I used to know?
Where's that light I used to know?
Where's the light I used to know?
Slip, slip, slip through your hands
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Oh it's gonna
Slip, slip, slip through your
Slip, slip, slip through your hands
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Oh it's gonna
Slip, slip, slip through your
Slip, slip, slip through your hands
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Oh it's gonna
Slip, slip, slip through your
Slip, slip, slip through your hands
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa"
"3194" ""
"3195" ""
"3196" ""
"3197" "Hello, it's been a long time since I have seen you here. With the look that's in your eyes, you've left behind your fear to step out on your own. Now the world will know who you were meant to be.
Come on and burn your bridges away, cause you know that we're not going back to where we have been. This road will show us there's a place where you and me can begin to say the things that we've been meaning to say. Now it's time to burn your bridges away.
Fading out with the daylight, the worry on your mind. Now the fight has turned to flight, but we'll make it out alive. So leave it all, let's go. Cause we'll risk everything we know to reach the other side.
We have just the lives we lead to show this world what we believe - find out now who you will be."
"3198" "Maybe right now, this is the best that you've found - to live a life that's tearing you down day by day. Maybe right now, you can't seem to find a way out and you're afraid to trust in the sound of your own voice, so listen...
Runaway, we're gonna write our perfect story - all the way until the end. Runaway, if you think something else is waiting, follow me until the end.
So where do you go when all of the places you know, they no longer feel like a home? When theres no painted road to lead you to where you should be, could you find the strength to believe? That more is waiting if you just leave this life behind, and choose today to...
Sometimes you just don't know, but there's a risk worth taking to find the life that's waiting. So don't be afraid to make a choice - let go. I'll be right here waiting for you. You were never alone."
"3199" "When I look at you How could you look at me? I'm thinking now all that you are Is much more than I'll ever be. It seems today, I'll never catch a break. I'm feeling like all that I am Is all the mistakes that I've made.
You're you far away Inside of memories, but when I listen you say
What do you have to fear when you're left all alone? In the darkest of days, when the night's growing cold, you're safe in the arms of a love all your own. In the darkest of your days, there's a love that you should know.
I remember when We were innocent, now they're telling us All that we are Is all of the places we've been. When the seconds slow And you're standing on your own, you'll start coming back Into the arms of love that you should've known.
When you're feeling lost and your hope is gone, your scars never seem to fade. But there is more to you - there is more to me.
The past doesn't change a thing."
"3200" "Here we are again - where all that I am is never enough to bring me the truth. So I turn to you to make me complete and justify me.
So I'll hold on to you, if you hold on to me.
Hold on to me when all that you see is falling apart right at the seams. When you're at the end of your rope, just hold on to me. Why can't you see I'm falling apart right at the seams? I'm hanging by a thread.
A heart and a soul are caught between bones - the emptiness it rings. When I am alone, somehow I know the words that you speak could never save me.
But I'll hold on to you, if you hold on to me.
When you hold on to me, why can't you see I'm falling apart right at the seams? I hold on to you like you hold on to me, but we're falling apart now."
"3201" "I thought you were the only one that I'd ever see. But you weren't the one to show me what it meant to believe.
I thought that we had found a home, but now I walk alone.
With you or without you, I have waited for so long. And now we must say goodbye for the last time. Cause we are two hearts, one world apart.
I thought we knew it better, but took the fruit from the vine. (Nothing can last forever, but we thought that we could try) We sealed our fate together when I put faith in your eyes. (Now what we had together breathes its last breath tonight)
I'll go on, but we have reached the end."
"3202" "Iemand zei \"dit is Annabel
Ze moet nog naar 't station
Neem jij de wagen dan haalt ze het wel\"
Ik zei \"da's goed\" en reed zo stom als ik kon
We kwamen aan bij een leeg perron
En ik zei \"het zit je niet mee\"
Heel in de verte ging de laatste wagon
En Annabel zei \"okee, ik ga met je mee\"
En later lagen we samen, zoals dat heet
Een beetje moe maar voldaan
Er kwam al licht door de ramen ze zei
\"Geen tijd voor ontbijt ik moet gaan\"
Ik zei alleen nog \"tot ziens Annabel\"
En ik dacht \"Die zie ik nooit meer terug\"
Ik dacht ik draai me om en slaap nog even door
Maar twee uur later was ik nog wakker, lag stil op m'n rug
Annabel, het wordt niets zonder jou, Annabel
Annabel, het wordt niets zonder jou, Annabel
Zo bleef ik twee dagen liggen in bed
Ik was totaal van de kaart
Toen stond ik op ik moest niet denken maar doen
Want zonder haar was ik geen stuiver meer waard
Ik liep de stad door op zoek naar een glimp
En ik dacht \"ik zie haar nooit meer terug\"
Ik ging zelfs hardop praten in mezelf
En iemand zei \"je stond uren met je handen op de leuning van de brug\"
Ahah
Annabel, het wordt niets zonder jou, Annabel
Annabel, het wordt niets zonder jou, Annabel
Toen op een avond zag ik haar weer
Ze stapte net op de tram
Ze was nog mooier dan de vorige keer
Ik riep haar naam en trapte hard op m'n rem
Ik sprong de auto uit en greep haar vast
Ze stond stil en keek om
Ze keek me aan maar was nauwelijks verrast
En ik zei \"hee, waar moet je naartoe\" ze zei \"naar het station\"
Ik bracht haar weg ze kocht een kaartje Parijs
En ik zei \"en nog 1 erbij\"
De lokettist gaf tweemaal enkele reis
En Annabel keek even opzij
Ik zei \"ik heb je gevonden vandaag
En ik laat je nooit meer alleen
Al reis je door naar Barcelona of Praag
Al reis je door naar het eind van de wereld ik ga met je mee, hee\""
"3203" "Onder de groene hemel in de blauwe zon
Speelt het blikken harmonieorkest in een grote regenton
Daar trekt over de heuvels en door het grote bos
De lange stoet de bergen in van het circus Jeroen Bosch
En we praten en we zingen en we lachen allemaal
Want daar achter de hoge bergen ligt het land
Van Maas en Waal
Ik loop gearmd met een kater voorop
Daarachter twee konijnen met een trechter op hun kop
En dan de grote snoeshaan, die legt een glazen ei
Wanneer je 't schudt dan sneeuwt 't op de Egmondse abdij
Ik reik een meisje mijn koperen hand
Dan komen er twee Moren met hun slepen in de hand
Dan blaast er de fanfare ter ere van de schaar
Die trouwt met de vingerhoed ze houden van elkaar
En onder de purp'ren hemel in de bruine zon
Speelt nog steeds het harmonieorkest in een grote regenton
Daar trekt over de heuvels en door het grote bos
De lange stoet de bergen in van het circus Jeroen Bosch
En we praten en we zingen en we lachen allemaal
Want daar achter de hoge bergen ligt het land
Van Maas en Waal
We zijn aan de koning van Spanje ontsnapt
Die had ons in zijn bed en de provisiekast betrapt
We staken alle kerken met brandewijn in brand
't Is koudvuur dus 't geeft niet en het komt niet in de krant
Het leed is geleden, de horizon schijnt
Wanneer de doden dronken zijn en pierlala verdwijnt
Dan steken we de loftrompet en ook de dikke draak
En eten 's avonds zandgebak op 't feestje bij Klaas Vaak"
"3204" ""
"3205" ""
"3206" ""
"3207" ""
"3208" ""
"3209" ""
"3210" ""
"3211" ""
"3212" ""
"3213" ""
"3214" ""
"3215" ""
"3216" ""
"3217" ""
"3218" ""
"3219" ""
"3220" ""
"3221" ""
"3222" "oh oh you love me i know you care shut we never we not be there you on my love you are my heart and we"
"3223" "Hoy es el utimo intento
Hoy acept que perd
Que hago con todos los sueos
Que imagine junto a ti
Ya casi estn tus maletas
Se muy bien que esta vez no regresas
Por eso quiero que nos abracemos antes que cierres la puerta
Para darnos el ltimo beso
Y llevarnos por siempre el recuerdo
De un inmenso amor que sin darnos cuenta nos dijo adios
Ahora que te vas como se lo explico a mi corazn
Para darnos el ltimo beso y despedir nuestro amor con respecto
Si hasta el dia de hoy no pude lograr hacerte feliz
Aunque yo comprendo tu decisin te quiero pedir
Un ltimo beso
Ya casi estn tus maletas
Se muy bien que esta vez no regresas
Por eso quiero que nos abracemos antes que cierres la puerta
Para darnos el ltimo beso
Y llevarnos por siempre el recuerdo
De un inmenso amor que sin darnos cuenta nos dijo adios
Ahora que te vas como se lo explico a mi corazn
Para darnos el ltimo beso y despedir nuestro amor con respecto
Si hasta el dia de hoy no pude lograr hacerte feliz
Aunque yo comprendo tu decisin te quiero pedir
Un ltimo beso"
"3224" ""
"3225" ""
"3226" ""
"3227" ""
"3228" ""
"3229" ""
"3230" ""
"3231" ""
"3232" ""
"3233" ""
"3234" "This is not my day
everything looks like being in slow motion
but I'll try to change my faith today, my destiny today
Take a good look around
What the hell am I doing here?
wanna drown in the deep yellow brown ocean
where I really can for a moment forget
I realize that all this shit
disappeared the night before this hang over
the bad thing is that memories appear again
so again I'll fall apart
This is not my night
by the way I don't remember a thing at all
maybe a heavy night of drinking can turn into a beautiful song
but I'm not in the mood of playing something new
I realize that all this shit
disappeared the night before this freaking hang over
the bad thing is that memories appear again
so again I'll fall apart"
"3235" "I hear no voices telling me what to do
my heart is broken
and I feel too small when I am by your side
I don't know what to say
bad luck surround us
I should accept I was just something you used when you felt down
I know I am stupid 'cause I stay around
And I wish you walked away
You walked in the rain
I cooked something to eat
you came all the way down when I was here
trying to tell me
stay away 'cause she is not real
she reads about nature in magazines
And I wish you walked away
You don't know how it feels to have the chance of telling all about these secrets I kept inside
and screw it all by staying in silence
And I wish you walked away
And I wish you walked away
And I wish you walked away
And I wish I walked away"
"3236" "It so happens that the mattress is empty today
and the bed is unmade
light has come but you are gone
I just thought you were here but you were not
so I shrouded the footsteps you left in the air
and clang to the shadow reflected on the wall
then I read some invisible words you wrote on the floor
and in time you are outside the world
Think once then twice
before you pretend you know what to say
grab the sound of wind
and follow the flight of seagulls that go to the south
I will hang some sings on a fence
I will burn some wood by a lake
until I comprehend that perhaps it is not too bad to be hit by a feast
if it makes you strong
and teaches you how to forget
You know I will leave it all behind if you tell me to
I won't be waiting for you by the sea
the sea you already dry
you better go with the seagull
I won't be waiting for you by the sea
the sea you already dry
the sea you already dry"
"3237" "if you were a melody I'm quite sure you would be in a movie
where the characters look lovely and the plot is about romance
you would sound right there in the climax scene
where all the problems of those characters seem to disappear
we share our secrets no more
and I haven't heard about sad sad stories
about the past, or happy moments of today
oh... I wonder what are you doing now
oh... what am I gonna do?
if you were a melody I'm quite sure you would be in a movie
where the characters look lovely and the plot is about romance
you would sound right there in the climax scene
where all the problems of those characters seem to disappear
oh... I wonder what are you doing now
oh... you wonder what I am doing now
oh... I wonder what I am doing now
oh... what am I gonna do?"
"3238" "I wish this air could clean my chest
I needed a quiet day
I take a walk outside my house
a freezy haze is freezing my head
And I still myself
I saw my hands into the ground
the rain is hard behind my door
the rain is covering my eyes
I wish it could clean my sight
And I still myself
So I still myself
Really needed a quiet day
really needed to hear my voice
I wish this air could clean my chest
I wish the rain could clean my sight"
"3239" "Where have all people gone?
Where is your skin when I'm in this bed lying
My shoes seem covered with snow
and I used your words to keep them dry
I'm miles away but I feel you here
I'm far away but closer than yesterday
Cotton is floating and I use it to build a castle
It's weak and fake and useless like
some of the stories I've told to my friends
And I'll play a song to keep you awake
And I'm weightless so I will let the wind take me where you are"
"3240" "Don't wanna know if I miss you
don't wanna know if you do
we both felt home once being alone
and now I see yours shoes soaked
I should've stay 'cause the world didn't matter
I should've stay 'cause the world didn't matter
And I pictured your eyes
and dwelled on your name
But you fell in love with a tree
you fell in love with a tree
Don't you dare say I didn't want to go and hold you
Don't you dare say I didn't want to go
covered with dust
lifted by the air
covered with dust
lifted by your breath
And I pictured your eyes
and dwelled on your name
But you fell in love with a tree
you fell in love with a tree
and I fell in love with a girl
but you never saw that I was in love with that girl in love with a tree"
"3241" "my head is silent
sensations change with every other person who passes me by
windy days remove the leaves that fall has left on empty streets and now they fly like birds
it's getting cold and Monday is blue but suddenly the sun has risen in this crowded lonely city I'm getting urges to
there's water on the sidewalk and some huge grey clouds perfectly mirror down my feet
my head down slowly change its posture and now I look straight at someone I recognize as a theft
leaves have fallen and stay as part of the ground
my movements seem slower 'cause fear dangerously approached
hey, what are the chances?
hey, how in the world I came to this?
must I get rid of this?
today this place is full of broken umbrellas
people are running fast to be under a roof
the air inside my lungs is clear, but you polluted the time and the quietude I was supposed to be in now"
